you are in charge of project.  I think the question is more about the people who are in charge of the project.  I think the question is more about the people who are in charge of the project.  I think the question
it's the capital of brazil. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but Rio de Janeiro is not the capital of Brazil. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but Rio de Janeiro
he discovered the answer.  The student was contemplating the problem, that's when he made the what that led him to the answer?  Answer is discovery because he discovered the answer.  I think you're right
it is a liquid. I think you're missing the point.
they are the ones who will be the best teachers.  I think that the best teachers are the ones who are interested in their students. They are the ones who are willing to go the extra mile to help their students. They are the ones who are willing to go the extra mile
it is a subject that is taught in schools.  Question 2: What is the most important thing to remember about the use of electronic devices in school? Answer is that it is important to remember that the use of electronic devices in school is not allowed.
they are fiddling with something. I think the question is more about the fact that the skill is called "Fiddling" and not "Fiddling with something" I think the question is more about the fact that the skill is called "Fiddling"
i am dead. I think you're missing the point.
they are not used to it.  I think it's a good idea to kiss on the first date. I think it's a good idea to kiss on the first date. I think it's a good idea to kiss on the first date. I think
i was eating dinner. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
he didn't know what he needed. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
it's in michigan. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is michigan because it
it's a desk lamp. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm saying that the question is a bit silly. I'm not sure what you're trying to say
it is the most important thing.  The most important thing is to learn the language.  The second most important thing is to learn the culture.  The third most important thing is to learn the customs.  The fourth most important
it's a bird. I think you're missing the point. The question is what would a bald eagle be likely to avoid? The answer is soup because it's a bird. The question is what would a bald eagle be likely to avoid? The answer is
of the weight. I know that, but I'm asking why it happens. Because it's heavy.
it's a celebration of the end of the harvest.  The bazaar is a place where people sell their goods. The word bazaar comes from the Arabic word bazara which means market.  The word bazaar is used to describe a market place
you can eat hot dogs and watch baseball. I think you're missing the point.
she is a singer.  I think she is a good singer. I think she is a good singer. I think she is a good singer. I think she is a good singer. I think she is a good singer. I think she is a good singer. I think she is a
it is the capitol building.  The capitol building is the building that houses the government. The government is the people who make the laws. The people who make the laws are the government. The government is the people. The
of his tools.
he is an engineer.  I think you are missing the point. The question is not what the engineer does, but what the engineer is.  The engineer is a person who is trained to do a job. The job of the engineer is to design and
there are millions of jellyfish there.  Question: Where could you find millions of jellyfish? Answer: North sea because there are millions of jellyfish there.  Question: Where could you find millions of jellyfish? Answer: North sea because there are millions of jelly
it's a video game. I think he's asking if there's a way to level up in the game. I think he's asking if there's a way to level up in the game. I think he's asking if there's a way to level up in the game.
you will be bored.  I have been to the airport a few times and I have never seen anyone standing in a queue.  I have been to the airport a few times and I have never seen anyone standing in a queue.
they grow potatoes. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not sure if you're being serious
it's a jumping rope. I think you're missing the point.
you can't stack boxes on shelves. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm asking if there's a way to stack boxes on shelves without using a forklift. You can stack boxes on shelves without using a forklift. You can
he was not in the drawing room.  Q. What is the difference between a drawing room and a studio?  A. A drawing room is a room where the family members sit together and talk. A
you can't hear the speakers. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm using headphones. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that you can't hear the speakers if you're using headphones. I'm not
it's a united states highway.  The interstate highway system is a network of interstates and other highways that connect the states of the United States. The system was created by the United States Congress in 1956, and was originally known as the National Interstate and Defense High
they were hungry.
it is fun.  Question is what is the way that couples like to have fun? Answer is have sex because it is fun.  Question is what is the way that couples like to have fun? Answer is have sex because it is fun.  Question
of prolonged bath.  Question is i was having a bath for 4 hours, what might i suffer from physiologically? Answer is wrinkled skin because of prolonged bath.  Answer is wrinkled skin because of prolonged bath.
the room is inside.  The painter is using tape to edge the room. He is taking extra care to make the lines clean and crisp. He is working with interior because the room is
he is going to interview.  Question is what did the adult do before the job interview? Answer is dress himself because he is going to interview.  Question is what did the adult do before the job interview? Answer is dress himself because he is going to interview.
it's the only way to go to space. I think you're missing the point. The question is why is it the only way to go to space? The answer is because it's the only way to go to space. The question is why is it the only
they were looking for rocks.  I think the point is that the birds were not the target of the search. The search was for rocks. The birds were just in the way.  I think the point is that the birds
it is dark and cool.  Question: What is the difference between a fungus and a plant? Answer: A plant is a living thing. A fungus is a dead thing.  Question: What is the difference between a fungus and a plant? Answer:
it's average.
they are both wind events.  Question: What is the difference between a hurricane and a tornado?  Answer: A hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms over warm ocean water. It is a large rotating storm that can have winds of up to 200 mph. A
it's a family holiday.  Question: What do people in a family typically do on the holidays? Answer: Gather together because it's a family holiday.  Question: What do people in a family typically do on the holidays? Answer: Gather
it's the only place in the world where you can find an apple tree.  The question is what place could you go to and find an apple tree there?  Answer is south africa because it's the only place in the world where you
you are having fun. I think you're missing the point.
it is a building.  Question: What is the difference between a house and a building?  Answer: A house is a building that is owned by a person.  Question: What is the difference between a house and a building?  Answer
it was blunt.  Question: What is the difference between a sharp scythe and a blunt scythe?  Answer: A sharp scythe cuts through the air and a blunt scythe cuts through the
you trusted him.  The same thing happens when you trust your partner. You trust him or her to be faithful to you. But if you find out that he or she is cheating on you, you will feel betrayed.
water spout is not a sink. I think the question is, why is the water spout not a sink? Because it's a water spout. But it's a sink. It's a sink with a water spout
he is a traveler.  Question is a traveler from atlanta wants to meet friends in hong kong, so he drives where? Answer is airport because he is a traveler.  Question is a traveler from
it is a new way to access information.  Question: What is a fairly new way to access information?  Answer: Internet because it is a new way to access information.  Question: What is a fairly new way to access information?  Answer: Internet
he was a former wrestler.  Question: What is the name of the former wrestler?  Answer: The name of the former wrestler is John Cena.  Question: What is the name of the school?  Answer
he was a black man.
it's the most common. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not a mechanic. I'm a software engineer. I'm just curious what the most common issues are. I'm not being sarcastic
he was dreaming.  So, if you are dreaming, you are in deep sleep. If you are awake, you are in light sleep.  Now, if you are in deep sleep, you are dreaming. If
you are the only one who can change society.  The first thing you must do is to change yourself. You must change your mind. You must change your attitude. You must change your behavior. You must change your way of thinking. You must change your way of living.
it is beautiful.  Question is why do people go hiking? Answer is enjoy nature because it is beautiful.  Question is why do people go hiking? Answer is enjoy nature because it is beautiful.  Question is why do people go hiking? Answer is enjoy nature because it is beautiful
he's a guest. I think the question is more along the lines
he is batman. I think you're missing the point. Batman is a man of action. He doesn't settle for anything less than the best. He would have bought a bottle of beer, but he
it is a place where you can exercise.  Question: What is the difference between a ball and a ball? Answer: A ball is a round object. A ball is a round object.  Question: What is the difference between a ball and a ball? Answer
it is the most convenient place to wait for a bus.  Question is where might people gather while they are waiting for a ride across town? Answer is bus stop because it is the most convenient place to wait for a bus.  Question is where
they are friends.  Q: What is the most important thing you learned from this experience?  A: I learned that I can do anything I put my mind to.  Q:
he was in the apartment. I think you're missing the point. The question is, why would he be in the apartment? He
they have a good selection of hens and eggs.  I have a question about the eggs from the supermarket. I have been buying them for years and I have never had a problem. I have been told that they are
it is the most effective emotion.  The second question is if you are competing with others what emotion is useful for getting an advantage? Answer is fear because it is the most effective emotion.  The third question is if you are competing with others what emotion is
you can find a bar in airport.  Question: Where can you find a bar before traveling a long distance?  Answer: Airport because you can find a bar in airport.  Question: Where can you find a bar before traveling a long distance?
weasel is dead.  Question is where could you find a weasel that is not alive? Answer is natural history museum because weasel is dead.  Question is where could you find a weasel that is not alive? Answer is natural history museum
they are in the same room.  Question is how do the bosses share knowledge in person at work? Answer is meeting because they are in the same room.  Question is how do the bosses share knowledge in person at work? Answer is meeting because they are in the
they had a lot of slaves.  The question is in what society did slaves outnumber the citizens? Answer is ancient rome because they had a lot of slaves.  The question is in what society did slaves outnumber the citizens? Answer is ancient rome
he's a good guy. I think the neighbor's house is the answer to the question, but the question is about the neighbor's house.
he was done. I think he meant to say "flushed" but he was so excited he just couldn't get the words out.
it is the only place where you can buy a ticket in person.  Question:  What is the difference between a train ticket and a train ticket?  Answer:  Train ticket is a ticket for a train. Train ticket is a ticket for a
you have a great show to watch.  I have a question for you. What is your favorite show?  I have a question for you. What is your favorite show?  I have a question for you.
he was a pilot.  The question is, why did he have to be a pilot? Why couldn't he be a technician or a mechanic?  The answer is, because he was a pilot.
you are not getting anywhere.  The first thing you need to do is to understand that you are not alone. There are thousands of people out there who are in the same boat as you.  The second
he said it.  The judge said that ignorance is not an excuse for the crime.  The judge said that ignorance is not an excuse for the crime.  The judge said that ignorance is not an excuse for the crime.  The judge said that ignorance
he was walking from row to row.  Question: What is the difference between a farmer and a farmer's field? Answer: A farmer is a person who works in a field. A farmer's field is a field that is worked by a
she is unable to do what?
he opened it.  I think the question is, why did he open it?  I think the answer is that he was curious.  I think the question is, why did he open it?  I think the
the city was built on a grid system.  The city was built on a grid system, but the grid system was not designed to be a grid system. The grid system was designed to be a series of
it's cold. I think the question is if you don't use a towel after getting wet, you body will do what? I think the question is if you don't use a towel after getting wet, you body will do what
it's a gate. I think the question is what happens if someone drives through the gate? Then they get a ticket.
you can't learn from the lecture.  Question: What is the difference between a lecture and a discussion?  Answer: A lecture is a presentation of information. A discussion is a conversation about the information.  Question: What is the difference between
you're doing housework all day.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that if you're doing housework all day, you're going to get tired.  I'm not sure what you
it is a cabin.  Question is what is the purpose of the cabin in an airplane? Answer is carry people because it is a cabin.  Question is what is the purpose of the cabin in an airplane? Answer is carry people because it is a cabin.
they are not protected.  Question: What is a dangerous outdoor activity for children? Answer: Sun themselves because they are not protected.  Question: What is a dangerous outdoor activity for children? Answer: Sun themselves because they are not protected.  Question: What is
it is a kitchen item.  Question: What is the most common place to keep salt? Answer: Kitchen cupboard.  Question: What is the most common place to keep salt? Answer: Kitchen cupboard.
of financial reasons.  The survey was conducted by the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators (NASFAA) and the National College Access Network (NCAN). The survey was conducted in the spring of 2013.  The survey found that
without it you can't catch fish. I think he means what is the best fishing rod to use. I think he means what is the best fishing rod to use for fishing. I think he means what is the best fishing rod to use for fishing. I
he was a lazy fuck. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure he was just joking. I'm not sure if you're being serious
of fresh air.  Question: What is the difference between a question and a statement?  Answer: A question is a statement that is asking a question.  Question: What is the difference between a question and a
of lack of sleep.  Question is if you partied all night you could find yourself already what, even when just beginning work? Answer is getting tired because of lack of sleep.  I'm not sure I understand your
it's a rug. I think you're missing the point. The question is, "Where would footprints be left on a man made item?" The answer is, "On a rug." The question is, "Where would footprints be left on a man made
they're not going to be able to use it.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad credit card? Answer: A good credit card is one that you can use to pay
it's a house. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking where you would find a light source that is not a light bulb. The answer is a light bulb. The question is asking where you would find a light source that is not a light
they are more likely to work together.  The teacher should give students a project to work on. The project should be something that the students can do on their own. The teacher should give the students a project that is easy to do. The teacher should give
they make you do things you wouldn't normally do. I think the question is more along the lines of "what drugs do to the brain" I think the question is more along the lines of "what drugs do to the brain"
you need to eat. I think you're missing the point.
he was a porch monkey. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
she was folding and stacking the clothing into a box.  The answer is box because she was folding and stacking the clothing into a box.  The answer is box because she was folding and stacking the clothing into a box
you would be paid for your review.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.  I'm not sure if you're being
you want to be able to get the job done.  I think the question is a little more complicated than that.  I think the question is more like:  "What kind of service would you want if you do
he is a person.  I think that the question is not about the person, but about the heart.  I think that the question is not about the person, but about the heart.  I think that the question is not about the person, but about the heart
the garbage men are sloppy.  I have a question for you. Why do you think the garbage men are sloppy?  I have a question for you. Why do you think the garbage men are sloppy?
they are the only place where you can find people who are planning to travel to another continent.  Question: Where could you find passengers that are planning to travel to another continent?  Answer: Airport because they are the only place where you can find people
it is the only way to ensure your jewelry is safe.  Question: How can a person ensure their jewelry is safe in a hotel room?  Answer: Safe deposit box because it is the only way to ensure your jewelry is safe.
the north is cold and the south is hot.  The answer is northern because the north is cold and the south is hot.  The answer is northern because the north is cold and the south is hot.  The answer is northern because the north is cold and the south is hot
it's hot.
they have two arms. I think you're missing the point.
it's the only state that has a bald eagle.  1. The bald eagle is the national bird of the United States. 2. The bald eagle is the national bird of the United States. 3
they needed information.  The second question is why did they torture? The answer is they needed information.  The third question is why did they torture? The answer is they needed information.  The fourth question is
it's the best place to buy fresh fruit.  Question: What is the best place to buy fresh fruit? Answer: Market because it's the best place to buy fresh fruit.  Question: What is the best place to buy fresh fruit? Answer: Market because it
they were eating at a restaurant.  The question is: What is the difference between a restaurant and a restaurant?  The answer is: A restaurant is a place where you can eat food.  The question is
it's a house. I think the house is a metaphor for the human mind. It's a house, but it's not connected to anything. It's just there. I think it's
he was hungry.
he was living in a big city.  Q: What is the difference between a question and an answer? A:
wheat is a crop that is grown in the countryside.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What
they are the only ones that can go underwater.  Question: What is the difference between a submarine and a ship? Answer: A ship is a boat that can go on the surface of the water. A submarine is a boat that can go
it's a competition. I think you're missing the point.
you are working for him.  Now, if you are working for a company, you are working for the company. You are not working for your boss. You are working for the company.  Now, if you are working for a company, you
apple trees grow in the woods.  The question is where could you find a nearby apple tree if you live in the united states? The answer is woods because apple trees grow in the woods.  The question is where could you find a nearby
it's the most important part of the house.  The shelf is the most important part of the house?  I think the shelf is the most important part of the house.  I think the shelf is the most important
they are competing for resources.  Question is if people are competing for resources what emotional state are they likely to experience? Answer is stress because they are competing for resources.  Question is if people are competing for resources what emotional state are they likely to
you are not thinking about what you are going to do. You are just doing it.  The same is true for your life. You are not thinking about what you are going to do. You are just doing it.  You are not thinking about what
it's a restroom. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the sign is saying that the restroom is for people with a full bladder. The sign is saying that the restroom is for people with a full bladder. The
it's a light house. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
they are celebrating. I think the question is more about what do people who are celebrating in a bar do sometimes? I think the question is more about what do people who are celebrating in a bar do sometimes? I think the question is more about what
you have more energy.  Question is how can a farmer get more work done? Answer is rise early because you have more energy.  Question is how can a farmer get more work done? Answer is rise early because you have more energy.  Question is how can
they are terrorists. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what terrorism means. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty
she was deprived of it.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking for a good book to read. I'm a big fan of the Harry Potter series, and I
it's not a city. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm asking if there are any lakes that are warm and untouched. I'm saying that you're asking the wrong question. You're asking if there are any lakes that are warm and
he is going to the train station.
it's a lake. I think you're missing the point.
you can't change society.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.
they are not good quality.  Question: What is the difference between a good quality and a bad quality?  Answer: A good quality is a quality that lasts long and a bad quality is a quality that wears out quickly.  Question: What is
they are not getting paid to perform. I think the question is why would a band be performing when there are no people nearby?
of the friction.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad callus? Answer: A good callus is one that is formed by friction. A bad callus is one that is formed by pressure.  Question
it is the best for your health.  The darkness is the best for your health. It is the best for your health because it is the best for your health.  The darkness is the best for your health. It is the best for your health because it is the best
it's a place where people work. I think you're missing the point.
they have four legs.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking for a good book on the history of the English language. I'm not looking for a book that just goes through the history of the language, but one that focuses
they don't want to pay for a parking spot.  So, if you don't want to pay for a parking spot, you don't have to pay for a parking spot.  I don't know what you're talking about. I'm talking about the fact that you
they have many people and many businesses.  Question: Why do you think that is? Answer: Because they have many people and many businesses.  Question: Why do you think that is? Answer: Because they have many people and many businesses.  Question
of the density of population.  Question: What is the most important thing to consider when designing a city? Answer: The most important thing to consider when designing a city is the density of population.  Question: What is the most important thing to consider when designing a city?
he could have made a different choice.
they are dirty. I think you're missing the point.
it's a rock band. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a ukulele. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's a rock band because it's a rock band
it is made of cells. So, disease destroys human body.  Question: What is the difference between a disease and a sickness?  Answer: A disease is a sickness that is caused by a disease. A sickness is a sickness that is not caused by a disease.  Question:
they had grown too comfortable.  Question is the leading team was upset, they had stopped actively reaching advantage because they had grown too comfortable what? Answer is being ahead because they had grown too comfortable.  Question is the
the a.i. was designed to scan the crowd, where most saw a mass of humanity the evil machine could pick out each individual.  The a.i. was designed to
that's where God is.  Question is what do people do when they go to church? Answer is they pray.  Question is what do people do when they pray? Answer is they pray to God.  Question is what do people do when they pray to God?
it's a bicycle. I think you're missing the point.
of slippery floor.  Question: What happens when not paying attention when bathing? Answer: Slip and fall because of slippery floor.  Question: What happens when not paying attention when bathing? Answer: Slip and fall because of slippery floor.  Question: What happens
they were playing too much.  Question: What was happening to the children?  Answer: Getting tired because they were playing too much.  Question: What was happening to the children?  Answer: Getting tired because they were playing too much.
he was a hermit.  The hermit was a hermit because he was a hermit.  The hermit had a bedroom and kitchen in his what on the hill?  The hermit had a bedroom and kitchen in his dwelling
he was the only horse that had a toy in his stall.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking
it is the only thing that is smelted out of minerals.  Question is what is the difference between a mineral and a metal? Answer is that a mineral is a rock that is not a metal.  Question is what is the difference between a
he was hungry.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What is the difference between
forest is the place where trees are very thick.  Question is where are trees likely to be very thick? Answer is forest because forest is the place where trees are very thick.  Question is where are trees likely to be very thick? Answer is forest because forest is the place
hair is on head. I think you're missing the point.
art is beautiful.  I think that the answer is not so simple. I think that the answer is not so simple because the question is not so simple.  I think that the answer is not so simple because the
they needed to do experiments.  Question: What is the difference between a machine and a machine?  Answer: A machine is a machine that is used to do work.  Question: What is the difference between a machine and
they don't want to be wrong.  I think that the answer is wrong. I think that the answer is wrong because the question is asking about people who use an eraser. The answer is people who don't want to be wrong.  I think that the answer is
it can't climb trees.  Question: What is the difference between a sloth and a sloth? Answer: A sloth is a slow moving animal. A sloth is a slow moving animal.  Question: What is
they are many computers in a group of work spaces.  Question is where would you find many computers in a group of work spaces? Answer is office building because they are many computers in a group of work spaces.  Question is where would you find many
he was looking up.
they were old and worn out.  I'm not sure what the point of this is. I'm not sure what the point of this is.  I'm not sure what the point of this is. I'm not sure what the point of
he can't afford a house that's gated off from other places. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm asking for advice on where to start looking for a house that is gated off from other
the gong player is the orchestra.  The gong player is the orchestra.  The gong player is the orchestra.  The gong player is the orchestra.  The gong player is the orchestra.
it's the only place in the world with a steakhouse on every corner. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but there are a lot of places with steakhouses on every corner. I'm not joking. I'm from k
it's the time of day when people are most likely to be home watching TV.  The most popular bad shows are prime time shows.  The most popular bad shows are prime time shows.  The most popular bad shows are prime
they are close to city.
he was worried he would spill it.  Question:  What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer:  A question is a statement that asks a
they are in the water.  Question is what do kids do with fish? Answer is eat them.  Question is how do kids eat fish? Answer is they catch them.  Question is how do kids catch fish? Answer is they use a fishing pole.
they are dressed as a clown.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that's
i don't have all day. I think he was trying to say that he didn't have all day to make bread, but he was hungry. I think he was trying to say that he didn't have all
it was a star.
he's a shoplifter.
they are arresting the suspect.  Question: What is the difference between a warrant and a subpoena?  Answer: A warrant is a court order that allows the police to enter a home or business and arrest a suspect. A subpoena is a court order that
it's a grain of sand. I think you're missing the point.
they are now abundant.  The same thing is happening with the buffalo. The buffalo are abundant because they are abundant.  The same thing is happening with the buffalo. The buffalo are abundant because they are abundant.
they are nocturnal.  Question: What is the difference between a fox and a weasel? Answer: Foxes are larger and have longer tails.  Question: What is the difference between a fox and a coyote? Answer: Foxes are larger
you can't go on stage if you are not on stage.  I think it's a good idea to have a few different types of questions. I think it's a good idea to have a few different types of questions.
it is the only way to calculate the probability of a skill being used.  The probability of a skill being used is the probability of the skill being used multiplied by the probability of the skill being used.  The probability of a skill being used is
they are monsters. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the question is stupid. I'm not sure if you're joking
they are not doing their job.  I have a question for you. Why do you think that the real estate agent is the one who is responsible for the price of the house?  The real estate agent is the one who is
it's the only thing that would do that.  Question: What did it?  Answer: Animal.  Question: What animal?  Answer: Animal.  Question: What kind of animal?  Answer: Animal
he is a good person. I think you're missing the point.
he was a weasel.
you have a lot of things. I think it's a lack of possessions. I think it's a lack of possessions. I think it's a lack of possessions. I think it's a lack of possessions. I think it's a lack of
it's a classroom. I think the question is more about the fact that the child is in a classroom, not that the child is working on a wall. I think the question is more about the fact that the child is in a classroom, not that the child is working
it was built in the 50's. I'm not sure I understand your question.
he was a baby boy.  The story was interesting, the character grew to become a baby boy after starting out a what?  Answer is old man because he was a baby boy.  The story was interesting,
learning is fun.  I think that the most important thing is to make learning fun. If you make learning fun, then you will be more likely to learn.  I think that the most important thing is to make learning fun. If you
it was a very complicated task.  The answer is concentration.  The answer is concentration.  The answer is concentration.  The answer is concentration.  The answer is concentration.  The answer is concentration.  The answer is
they have everything. I think you're missing the point.
wine is served with dinner.  I think the question is more about the wine itself.  I think the question is more about the wine itself.  I think the question is more about the wine itself.  I think the question is more about the wine itself
he is in new jersey.  Question: What is the capital of new jersey? Answer: Trenton.  Question: What is the capital of new jersey? Answer: Trenton.  Question: What is the capital of new jersey? Answer
it's a bald eagle.  Question is a bald eagle flies over st. paul, where is it? Answer is minnesota because it's a bald eagle.  Question is a bald eagle flies over st. paul, where is it
it's the only place in the u.s. that has gold.  The u.s. has no gold. The u.s. has no gold because the u.s. has no gold. The u.s. has no gold because
i am in class.  Question:  What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer:  A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question
cold is the opposite of hot.  Question: What is the opposite of hot?Answer: Cold  Question: What is the opposite of cold?Answer: Hot  Question: What is the opposite of hot?Answer: Cold  Question: What is the opposite of hot?
she was done. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it was in the countryside. I think you're looking for /r/shittyaskscience I think you're looking for /r/shitty
it is the only place he can find it easily.
he was doing favors for everybody at work.  Question is he had been doing favors for everybody at work, it was frustrating not getting any what for it? Answer is gratitude because he was doing favors for everybody at work.
you can buy vegetables there.  Question is where would you buy magazines after looking for vegetables? Answer is market because you can buy vegetables there.  Question is where would you buy magazines after looking for vegetables? Answer is market because you can buy vegetables there.  Question
museum is a place where you can buy replicas of paintings.  Question 2: What is the difference between a museum and a gift shop?  Answer: A gift shop is a place where you can buy replicas of paintings. A museum is a place
he was the one who raised them. I think you're right. I was thinking of the question as "who raised the stairs?" and the answer as "who lowered the stairs?"
you are a criminal.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that if you apply a heat source to combustible materials inside of a building with ill intentions, you
fish is the best food to eat.  Question: What is the best food to eat? Answer: Bring home fish because fish is the best food to eat.  Question: What is the best food to eat? Answer:
it's a clown. I think you're missing the point.
he was buying products.  Question is he brought his wallet with him, this was because buying products means what? Answer is spending money because he was buying products.  Question is he brought his wallet with him, this was because buying products means
they were good at the competition.  I think the question is a little bit more complicated than that.  I think the question is more about what is the purpose of the competition?  I think the question is more about what is the
you are doing something you like.  Sally is a painter. She likes to paint. She likes to paint because it gives her pleasure.  Sally is a painter. She likes to paint.
they are so depressed they can't see the point in living.  Now, I'm not saying that depression is a good thing. I'm saying that it's a natural thing. It's a part of life. It's a part of being human. It's
more people are in line.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the more people that get in line, the longer the line will be.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
they were always welcomed with open arms.  The children were always welcomed with open arms.  The children were always welcomed with open arms.  The children were always welcomed with open arms.  The
he was running in the forest.  Question: What is the difference between a runner and a walker? Answer: A runner is a person who runs in the forest. A walker is a person who walks in the forest
they are happy.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what would you see if you are looking at people that are disagreeing with each other? Answer is frowns because they are not happy.  Now, let
they are made out of brick.  The answer is wrong. The answer is old houses because they are made out of brick.  The answer is wrong. The answer is old houses because they are made out of brick.  The answer is wrong. The
they get to see the person who wronged them suffer.  Question: What is the difference between revenge and justice?  Answer: Revenge is a form of justice.  Question: What is the difference between revenge and justice?  Answer:
he was carrying the wood inside.  Question is his bare arms were flexing as he carried the wood inside, what was the status of his grasp? Answer is full because he was carrying the wood inside.  I
both sides were presenting their opinions as fact.  I think the question is, what is the difference between a fact and an opinion?  I think the question is, what is the difference between a fact and an opinion?
they know they are getting close to a very ticklish spot when they start to hear what sound?  Answer is giggling because they know they are getting close to a very ticklish spot when they
it's cheaper. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what they're talking about. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's exactly what they're talking about.
of lower cost of goods.  Now, let's look at the chart.  The chart shows that the CPI has been rising since the end of the recession.  The chart shows that the CPI has been rising since the end of the recession.
it was off. I think you're missing the point. The question is "why did the man turn on the radio?" The answer is "because it was off." The question is "why did the man turn on the radio?"
it is the key to learning.  The key to learning is effectiveness.  The key to effectiveness is the ability to learn.  The key to learning is the ability to be effective.  The key to effectiveness is the ability to learn.  The
he wanted to get the best score possible.
you can fast forward through commercials.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the question is a bit silly.  I'm saying that the answer is a bit silly.  I'm saying that the answer is a bit silly.
they are old.  Question: What is the difference between a magazine and a newspaper? Answer: A magazine is a newspaper that is old.  Question: What is the difference between a magazine and a newspaper? Answer: A magazine is a newspaper that is old.  Question: What
he ate too much. I think you're missing the point.
she is dancing.
she didn't have choice.  Question is, what is the difference between a choice and a decision? Answer is a choice is a decision.  Question is, what is the difference between a choice and a decision? Answer is a
they want to believe.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that people believe in things that are not true because they want to believe them to be true.
he was a coward.  The boy was a coward. He was afraid of the dark. He was afraid of the monster. He was afraid of the monster's power. He was afraid of the monster's
they are growing up.  Question: What is the difference between a child and a baby?Answer: A child is a baby who is growing up.  Question: What is the difference between a child and a baby?Answer: A child is a baby who is growing
of the injury.  Question: What is the difference between a wound and a cut? Answer: A wound is a cut that is not healing.  Question: What is the difference between a wound and a cut? Answer: A wound is a cut that is
it's the only place that has an ocean. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking if the Indian Ocean is on Mars. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking if the Indian Ocean is on Mars. I think you
humans are animals.  The question is what do humans do to other humans after death? Answer is burial because humans are animals.  The question is what do humans do to other humans after death? Answer is burial because humans are animals.  The question is what do
they are free.  I have a question. I have a library card and I can borrow magazines. But I want to borrow magazines from other libraries. Can I borrow magazines from other libraries?  Yes, you can borrow magazines from other libraries. You can borrow magazines from other libraries if you
it is a place where you can find fungus.  The answer is correct because fungus is a type of fungus.  The answer is incorrect because fungus is not a type of fungus.  The answer is incorrect because fungus is not a type of fungus.  The
he was punishing him.  Now, let's look at the next question. Question is dave didn't mind that josh was punishing him, because he was experiencing what emotion? Answer is feel guilty because he was punishing him
it is a mansion.  Question is what kind of structure are in if there is a large chandelier in the foyer? Answer is mansion because it is a mansion.  Question is what kind of structure are in if
it is a kitchen appliance.  Question is where do you keep a teakettle? Answer is cupboard because it is a kitchen appliance.  Question is where do you keep a teakettle? Answer is cupboard because it is a kitchen appliance.  Question
of the heat.  The heat is the main reason why people want to swim in the heat. The heat is the main reason why people want to swim in the heat.  The heat is the main reason why people want to swim in the heat. The heat is
they are more common in the north.  Question: What is the difference between a bald eagle and a golden eagle? Answer: Golden eagles are larger and have a more golden color.  Question: What is the difference
you can drive at the highest legal speed on the freeway.  Question is where can you drive your automobile at the highest legal speed? Answer is freeway because you can drive at the highest legal speed on the freeway.  Question is where can you drive your automobile at
it was a comforter.  Question is the family had a favorite blanket, where did they put it? Answer is livingroom because it was a favorite blanket.  Question is the family had
you petted the dog. I think you're right. I'm not sure why I thought it was "petted" but I think I was thinking of the verb "pet" and not the noun "pet".
they can't hear. I think the question is how would you express information to a deaf person who can't read. I think the question is how would you express information to a deaf person who can't read who can't hear. I think the question is how
it's cold and snowy.  Now, let's look at the same question and answer, but this time, we're going to look at the weather forecast.  Question is people look outside and see that it's
she was the youngest and always got stuck in the middle seat.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to answer it anyway.  The reason she was always
they are not able to do it themselves. I think the joke is that the warehouse is a special needs school. I think the joke is that the warehouse is a special needs school.
it has only one ceiling.  Question is what is a place that has only one ceiling and which could be on ground level? Answer is classroom because it has only one ceiling.  Question is what is a place that has only one ceiling
he was a professor.  Question: What is the difference between a poet and a poet? Answer: A poet is a person who writes poetry.  Question: What is the difference between a poet and a poet? Answer
it is a crime.  Question:  What is the difference between a crime and a misdemeanor?  Answer:  A crime is a crime. A misdemeanor is a crime that is less serious than a felony.  Question:  What is
of the fear of the unknown.  I have been to the doctor for a check up and I have been to the doctor for a check up and I have been to the doctor for a check up and I have been to the doctor for a check up and I have
it's a feild. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the answer is feild because it's a feild. I'm
it's a genetic trait.  Now, if you are born male, you are born with a Y chromosome. If you are born female, you are born with a X chromosome.  Now, if you are born with a Y chromosome,
they were a bunch of assholes.  I'm not saying that the British were right to do what they did, but they were right to do it.  I'm not saying that the British were right
of the internet.  The first thing to do is to understand the difference between stress and anxiety. Stress is a normal response to a situation that is not threatening. Anxiety is a normal response to a situation that is threatening.
they are gentlemen.  Question: What do gentlemen do when they need to talk? Answer: Meeting because they are gentlemen.  Question: What do gentlemen do when they need to talk? Answer: Meeting because they are gentlemen.  Question: What do gentlemen do when
it's a desert. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm
he is able to sell more produce.  Now, let's look at the question and answer. Question is when a farmer is gaining more land what is the expected positive consequence? Answer is making more money because he is able to sell more produce.
he was drunker than ever before. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
you have to do a lot of things to get the job.  Question: What is the difference between a job and a career? Answer: A job is a job, a career is a job that you want to do for a
you can save a lot of money.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this question, but I'm going to ask it anyway.  I'm looking to buy a new laptop, and I
it's cold. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he was asking. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that's what he was asking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not,
that's the only race that's a championship race.  I think the question is a little more complicated than that. I think the question is, "What single race must a horse win to head to a championship goal?"  I think
he put it on the floor.
it's hot. I think you're missing the point. The question is what could have a hot handle, and the answer is a frying pan. The question is what could have a hot handle, and the answer is a frying pan. The question is what could have a
it was not ready to cook.  I'm not sure what you mean by "ready to cook". If you mean "ready to eat", then yes, it was ready to cook. If you mean "ready to cook", then
she was a sex addict.  Q: What was she looking to do?  A: Get down.  Q: What did she do?  A: She got down.  Q
he was a cat. I'm not sure if you're trying to make a joke or not, but I'm pretty sure you're wrong. I'm not sure if you're trying to make a joke or not, but I'm pretty
it is not solid.  Question: What is the difference between a building and a house?  Answer: A building is a house that is not solid.  Question: What is the difference between a building and a house?  Answer: A
it is the belief that we don't choose what happens in life is called predetermination.  Question: What is the difference between predetermination and free will?  Answer: Predetermination is the belief that we don't choose what happens in life
you are a bad person. I'm not sure I understand your question.
they have lots of friends.  Now, let's say that person has a lot of friends, but they are all in the same social circle. They are all in the same social circle because they are all in the same social circle.  Now, let
of family and work.  Question: Why might some graduates choose not to be attending school later in life?  Answer: Because of family and work.  Question: Why might some graduates choose not to be attending school later in life?
he's taking the class on what?  The answer is trigonometry because he's taking the class on what?  The answer is trigonometry because he's taking the class on what?  The answer is
it's a leg exercise.  The reason why running is great for the heart is because it's a cardio exercise. Cardio exercises are great for the heart because they work the heart.  The reason why running is
of the baby. I think the question is more like "why did the baby come early?" Because of the baby. I think the question is more like "why did the baby come early?" Because of the baby. I think the question is more like
they are not trained to be friendly.  I have a question for you. What do you think about the fact that the dog is not trained to be friendly?  I have a question for you. What do you think about the fact that the dog is not trained
you can't live without it.  I'm not sure if I'm the only one who feels this way, but I feel like I'm in a rut. I'm not sure if it's because I'm getting older or if it's because I'm not doing
it is the center of the solar system.  Question: What is the center of the solar system?  Answer: The sun.  Question: What is the center of the solar system?  Answer: The sun.  Question: What is
it is a school.  I think that the answer is correct.  I think that the answer is correct.  I think that the answer is correct.  I think that the answer is correct.  I think that the answer is correct.
it gets a lot of traffic.
of the person's behavior.  I have a question. I have a friend who is very talkative. I don't mind it, but sometimes I just want to be left alone. I don't want to be rude, but
they were working out.  Question: What is the difference between a patient and a patient? Answer: A patient is a person who is sick. A patient is a person who is sick.  Question: What is the difference
they are enjoying the show. I think the question is how do people show appreciation after they enjoy a show?
it is a maritime museum.  I think the question is a bit more complicated than that. The question is, is the shark stuffed and preserved, or is it a real shark? If it is a real shark, then it is a marine mammal, and
they didn't want to stop the parade.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the people who wanted to stop the parade set up roadblocks to stop the parade.  I
they are not eating enough.  I have a question for you. Why do you think that you are the only one who has a right to be here? Why do you think that you are the only one who has a right to be here?
he was reading a textbook that he had lost long ago.  The question is, what is the answer?  The answer is, the archaeologist was reading a textbook that he had lost long ago.
it implies that they are doing something wrong. I think it's more of a "you're not very good at what you do" vs "you're not very good at what you do" I think it's more of a
he was on the east coast.
market is the place where people buy and sell things.  Question 2:  What is the difference between a market and a market place?  Answer:  Market is a place where people buy and sell things. Market place is a place where people sell and
I read a book.  I read a book.  I read a book.  I read a book.  I read a book.  I read a book.  I read a book.  I read a book.
of the virus.  Question: What is the flu? Answer: The flu is a virus that causes a respiratory illness.  Question: What is the flu? Answer: The flu is a virus that causes a respiratory illness.  Question: What is the flu?
of water. I think you're missing the point.
he was speaking in a long-winded manner.  Question:  What is the meaning of the word "loquacious"?  Answer:  Loquacious means talkative
it is good for you.  Question is what is a good thing to do while eating? Answer is drink because it is good for you.  Question is what is a good thing to do while eating? Answer is drink because it is good for you.  Question
people are not communicating.  So, if you're not communicating, you're not going to understand each other. And if you're not understanding each other, you're not going to be able to work together.  So, the first thing you
it is the most important thing in the world.  Question: What is light?  Answer: Light is the energy that comes from the sun.  Question: What is the sun?  Answer: The sun is a star.  Question: What is a star
it is the most common place to find cubicles.  The cubicle is a small room with a desk and a chair. It is a place where you can work and it is also a place where you can have a private conversation. The cubicle is
it's a competition.  I think the problem is that people are not aware of the difference between a competition and a sport.  Competition is a way to show off your skill, but it's not a sport.  Sport is a
it is the tallest building in the mid-western u.s.  The tallest building in the mid-western u.s. is the chicago spire. The chicago spire is the tallest building in the mid-western
the captain is dead.  Question: What is the difference between a captain and a master?  Answer: A captain is a person who is in charge of a ship. A master is a person who is in charge of a ship.
they are hot.  Now, if you are a monkey, you are going to live in a tropical area. If you are a human, you are going to live in a temperate area.  So, the question is, where do some humans
you're not well rested. I'm not sure I understand your point. I'm saying that if you're not well rested, you're not going to be able to do anything. If you're not well rested, you
it's a question.  The teen enjoyed listening to music.  The teen enjoyed listening to music.  The teen enjoyed listening to music.  The teen enjoyed listening to music.  The teen enjoyed listening to music.
the children were scared of the dark.  The children were scared of the dark, so the mascot gathered them around the campfire and read them a story.  The children were scared of the dark, so the mascot gathered them around
you're not getting paid.  Question is what do you feel when you're not getting paid? Answer is sorrow because you're not getting paid.  Question is what do you feel when you're not getting paid? Answer is sorrow because you're not getting paid.
he was looking at the universe. I'm not sure I understand.
he did it.
they are the most important cities in the world.  The first episode was in New York, the second in Chicago, the third in Los Angeles, the fourth in San Francisco, the fifth in Miami
he's a fart. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it is the most polite vessel.  I think it is a good idea to use glass. But I think it is not necessary to use glass. I think it is not necessary to use glass. I think it is not necessary to use glass. I think
love can't conquer death.  Question: What is the difference between love and lust?  Answer: Lust is a temporary feeling. Love is a permanent feeling.  Question: What is the difference between love and hate?  Answer: Hate is a
I have a bathtub.  Question is what do you do when you take a bath? Answer is I wash my body.  Question is what do you do when you take a bath? Answer is I wash my body.  Question is what do you do
they are the future.  I think that the teachers should be paid more because they are the ones that are teaching the children. They are the ones that are making the children smarter and they are the ones that are making
they were not in the stadium.  Q: Why were they not in the stadium?  A: Because they were not allowed in the stadium.  Q: Why were they not allowed in the stadium?  A: Because they were not
that's what they are. I think you're missing the point.
it's fun.  I think the question is more about why we enjoy sitting while expressing ourselves artistically.  I think the question is more about why we enjoy sitting while expressing ourselves artistically.  I think the question is more about
he was a predator.  The predator was committing murder, what was his intention to his victim? Answer is kill because he was a predator.  The predator was committing murder, what was his intention to his victim? Answer is kill because he was a
of the fact that it's a very large market.  Q: What is the difference between the two?  A: The difference is that the market is a very large market.  Q: What is the difference between the two?  A: The difference is
they were in danger.  Question: What is the difference between a hostage and a prisoner?  Answer: A hostage is someone who is held against their will. A prisoner is someone
they are at war.  The question is, if people are at war with one another, what might they do as a consequence? Answer is destroy each other because they are at war.  The question is, if people are
you get it for free. I think you're missing the point.
they were behind an old building.
they are famous.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that celebrities shouldn't be able to get high because they're famous?  I'm saying that celebrities should be able to get high because they're famous.
they are competing for the same thing.  Question is why do they like each other? Answer is because they are competing for the same thing.  Question is why do they like each other? Answer is because they are competing for the same thing.
they have ladders. I think you're missing the point.
that's where the bald eagles are. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm
it is a copy of the original.  Question: What is the difference between a copy and a reproduction?  Answer: A copy is a copy of the original. A reproduction is a copy of a copy.  Question: What is a copy of a copy?
it's a stove. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that a stove is a stove. It's a stove. It's
he was in class.  Question is john opened the window and climbed out because he didn't want to listen to someone for an hour. where might he have been? Answer is classroom because he was
it was a construction site.  Question: What was the name of the catwalk? Answer: The catwalk was called the catwalk.  Question: What was the name of the catwalk? Answer
they were being sold at carnival.  Question: What is the difference between a ferris wheel and a merry-go-round? Answer: A merry-go-round is a circular ride that spins around and around
he was not allowed to put it on the counter.  Question: What is the difference between a clerk and a cashier? Answer: A clerk is a person who works in a store. A cashier is a person who works in a bank.
they have to.  Now, if you are a person who is not working, and you are not working because you are disabled, or you are not working because you are a student, or you are not working because you are a stay-
they were celebrating the occasion.  The question is, how can you describe the occasion? Answer is happiness because they were celebrating the occasion.  The question is, how can you describe the occasion? Answer is happiness because they were celebrating the occasion.
it's the only place you can watch garbage.  I'm not sure if I'm going to watch the new season of The Walking Dead. I'm not sure if I'm going to watch the new season of The Walking Dead. I'm not sure if I'm going to watch the new season
they are the things that make life worth living.  I think the point is that the experiences are not the same.  I think the point is that the experiences are not the same.  I think the
it has a tank of oxygen. I think you're missing the point. The question is "what is the most dangerous thing you can do in space?" The answer is "not have enough oxygen." The answer is "space
it's named after india.
she was a cat.
he ran very fast.  Question:  What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer:  A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question:
it was the palace.  Question: What is the difference between a palace and a palace? Answer: A palace is a building that is used as a residence of a king or a queen. A palace is a building that is used as
you are not happy with the service.  I have been to a few restaurants in the past few months and I have noticed that the waiters are not very friendly. I have been to a few restaurants in the past few months and I have noticed that the wait
he was happy.  Question is what is the difference between a person who is happy and a person who is not happy? Answer is a person who is
you can't just play chess and be good at it. You have to practice and learn the game.  Question: What is the difference between a chess player and a chess master? Answer: A chess player is someone who plays chess. A chess
he can see how other people do it.
the engines are not designed to be able to be restarted in flight.  The engines are designed to be able to be restarted in flight.  The engines are designed to be able to be restarted in flight.  The
they were so comfortable with each other.  I'm not sure I understand the question. Are you asking how to make a couple feel comfortable with each other?  I'm asking how to
it is the place where you can do experiments.  I think that the question is a bit too vague. I think that the question should be more specific. For example, "What is the best place to go to learn about the history of science?" or
of the abuse.
mill is used to grind wheat for bread.  Question: What is used to grind wheat for bread?  Answer: Mill  Question: What is used to grind wheat for bread?  Answer: Mill  Question: What is used to grind wheat for bread?
you are hungry.  Question is what always happens when you are having lunch? Answer is eat food because you are hungry.  Question is what always happens when you are having lunch? Answer is eat food because you are hungry.  Question is what always happens when you
there is no people. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking where there are no people, regardless of whether there is rain. The answer is the forest. The question is asking where there are no people
they are the best way to keep your pen from drying out. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm saying that the best way to
he was a scientist.  Question: What is the difference between a scientist and a nerd? Answer: A nerd is a person who is smart but doesn't have a social life. A scientist is a person who is smart and has a social life
it is the most common place to have a class.  The answer is a classroom because it is the most common place to have a class.  The answer is a classroom because it is the most common place to have a class.  The answer is a classroom because
they have a ticket booth. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that's what the joke is.
the child is too lazy to do it himself.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that the child is too lazy to do the dishes? Or that the child is too lazy to do the dishes
they are agreeing with each other.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer: A question is a statement that is asking a question. An answer is a statement that is answering a question.
of their good deeds.  Question:  What is the difference between a person who is good to others and a person who is good to himself?  Answer:  A person who is good to others garners what pleasing quality in
he was looking at the ground.  Question: What is the difference between a ground and a field?  Answer: A ground is a place where you can see the ground. A field is a place where you can't see the
of alcohol.  Question:  What is the difference between a bench and a park bench? Answer:  A bench is a piece of furniture that is used to sit on. A park bench is a piece of furniture that
you need money.  I think the question is more about what motivates people to work hard.  I think the question is more about what motivates people to work hard.  I think the question is more about what motivates people to work hard.
it is a way to express yourself.  I think that art is a way to express yourself. It is a way to show your feelings and your thoughts. It is a way to show your personality. It is a way to show your feelings. It is a way to show your
the shadow is the result of the light hitting the ground.  The shadow is the result of the light hitting the ground.  The shadow is the result of the light hitting the ground.  The shadow is the result of the light hitting the ground.
the food and drinks are hot.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "knowledge"? Answer: Knowledge is the ability to know something.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "knowledge"? Answer: Knowledge
that's what causes headaches. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not,
it has a lot of shares.  Question: What is the difference between a shareholder and a stockholder?  Answer: A shareholder is a person who owns a share of stock. A stockholder is a person who owns a share of stock and is also a shareholder.  Question
it's the only state that has an apple tree.  The question is where could you find an apple tree? The answer is new hampshire because it's the only state that has an apple tree.  The question is where could you find an apple tree?
they are surprised.  The next question is about a baby's favorite toy. The answer is a toy that makes noise.  The next question is about a baby's favorite food. The answer is a food that is soft.
you are not able to compete with them.  I am not sure if you are a troll or just a very stupid person.  I am not sure if you are a troll or just a very stupid person.  I am not
petrol is a liquid. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure he's asking where you get gas. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that petrol is a liquid. I know, I was just saying that I'm not sure if
of tripping. I think he means what happens when you trip and fall on your face. I think he means what happens when you trip and fall on your face while running. I think he means what happens when you trip and fall on your face while running while
it's a kitchen knife. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking where to keep it. I'm asking if it's safe to keep it in the kitchen drawer. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm saying that
he was running too fast.  Question: What is the difference between a marathon runner and a sprinter?  Answer: A marathon runner is a person who runs a marathon. A sprinter is a person who
they are not allowed in classrooms.  I have a ferret. I have a classroom. I have a teacher. I have a ferret. I have a classroom. I have a teacher. I have a ferret. I have a classroom. I have a teacher. I
they are nocturnal.  Sloths are nocturnal animals. They are found in the tropical rainforests of South America. They are slow moving animals. They are also very lazy. They spend most of their time hanging upside down from a tree branch. They are very good
you're kissing someone. I think you're missing the point.
it's a snake. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I
it is the most convenient place to put it.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is where would you put a folding chair if you do not plan to use it and you
it's a schoolroom.  Question is what does a child likely do at a desk? Answer is write.  Question is what does a child likely do at a desk? Answer is read.  Question is what does a child likely do at a desk?
he was a genius.  The man was a genius, he was a genius, he was a genius, he was a genius, he was a genius, he was a genius, he was a genius, he was a
you will be the hero.  The first thing you need to do is to make sure that the children are safe. If you see a child that is alone or in danger, you need to make sure that the child is safe. You need to make
you can't see the fish.  Question: What is the best way to get a good price for a fish? Answer: You have to know the market.  Question: What is the best way to get a
they wanted to see the world.  Question is james picked glass walls because they let more light into the room. why did they let light in? Answer is clear because they wanted to see the world.  Question
it is the shortest distance.  The question is not whether the shortest distance is across the river, but whether the shortest distance is across the river.  The question is not whether the shortest distance is across the river, but
of the breakup. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a reference to the movie "The Breakup" I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not.
you don't want to be a pig.  Question: What is the difference between a pig and a politician? Answer: A pig knows when it's full of shit.  Question: What is the difference between a politician and a pig? Answer: A pig knows when
the answer is a positive integer.  Question: What is the difference between a positive integer and a negative integer? Answer: A positive integer is a number that is greater than zero. A negative integer is a number that is less than zero.
he was in space.  The question is:  What is the answer?  The answer is:  The astronaut was happy to be breathing fresh air, it left him feeling good because he was in space.
you can't put them in the basket. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I
the factory was in compliance.  The inspector was not in agreement with the factory protocols. He was in agreement with the factory's status.  The inspector was not in agreement with the factory protocols. He was in agreement with the factory's
of the use of the product.  I think the question is more about the warranty being for the product, not the user.  I think the question is more about the warranty being for the product, not the user.  I think the
he is a plant.  Question: What is the difference between a plant and a human?Answer: A plant is a plant.  Question: What is the difference between a plant and a human?Answer: A plant is a plant.  Question
they're cold blooded. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're
of the increased blood flow.  The doctor said to start jogging to cause a what?  Increased heart rate because of the increased blood flow.  The doctor said to start jogging to cause a what?
it's the biggest.  Question is ice fishing can be done surprisingly far out most winters on what greatest of the michigan's greats? Answer is lake superior because it's the biggest.  I
it was located in the middle of the mall.  Question: What is the difference between a shopping mall and a shopping center? Answer: Shopping mall is a large building with many stores, while shopping center is a smaller building with a
it was the cheapest way to travel.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. The bus depot is the cheapest way to travel, so it's no
you have made a copy of the original.  Now, if you were to make a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of
you can use your voice.  The second question is how would you express information if you do not have a voice? Answer is write because you can use your fingers.  The third question is how would you express information if you do not have fingers
it goes great with what?  The answer is that the answer is the answer.  The answer is the answer.  The answer is the answer.  The answer is the answer.  The answer is the answer.
she was happy.
dog house is the best place for your puppy to sleep.  Dog house is the best place for your puppy to sleep.  Dog house is the best place for your puppy to sleep.  Dog house is the best place for your puppy to
beavers are found in the province.  The beaver is a symbol of the country of Canada. The beaver is a symbol of the country of Canada. The beaver is a symbol of the country of Canada. The
of the happiness.  I am not sure if this is the right place to ask this question, but I am curious. I have a friend who is a very good friend of mine. We have been friends for about 5 years now. We have been through a lot
they are waiting for bus.  Question is many people take public transportation and can be found waiting where? Answer is bus depot because they are waiting for bus.  Question is many people take public transportation and can be found waiting where? Answer is bus depot because
war is a violent act. I think you're missing the point. The question is not "what is the general result of waging war?" The question is "what is the general result of waging war *on the scale of the US*
you can't buy food without spending money. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the cashier is saying that you can't buy food without spending money, but the sign says that you can. The sign is
they are grown locally.  Question: How do you know if peas are fresh? Answer: If they are green and have a slight snap when you bite into them.  Question: What is the best way to store peas? Answer: In the refrigerator.
he was able to see the beauty of the world. I think you're right. I think the question is asking for the emotion that he felt when he was in the
they are in cages.  Question: What is the difference between a zoo and a pet store? Answer: A pet store sells animals. A zoo is a place where animals are kept in cages.  Question: What is the difference between a zoo
they are the most popular.  Question is what is the most popular museum? Answer is the museum of the history of the city.  Question is what is the most popular museum? Answer is the museum of the history of the city.  Question is what is the most
they have to play again.  Question: What is the difference between a good athlete and a great athlete?Answer: A good athlete is one who can play well in a game. A great athlete is one who can play well in a game and in a game.
it is not the way things are done.  I think the public reaction is more like "what the fuck is this shit?"  I think the public reaction is more like "what the fuck is this shit?"  I think
you can see everything.  Question: What is the difference between a television and a radio?Answer: A television is a radio that you can see.  Question: What is the difference between a television and a radio?Answer: A television
of the high amount of fat in the hamburger.  The question is what will likely happen to one's body if the only eat hamburgers? Answer is getting fat because of the high amount of fat in the hamburger.
they're usually found in a public place.  Question: What is the difference between a revolving door and a revolving door?  Answer: A revolving door is a door that rotates. A revolving door is a door that
bungalows are not a group.  Question: What is a group of bungalows in a small area?  Answer: Neighborhood  Question: What is a group of bungalows in a small area?  Answer: Neighborhood
they are the only ones who will love you unconditionally. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
he was watching tv and he saw flashing lights. I think the question is more like "What did James see that made him have a seizure?"
it is the only place where you can keep more than one drop of blood.  Question: What is the difference between a drop of blood and a drop of water? Answer: A drop of water is a drop of water. A drop of blood is a drop of
it is a good exercise for children.  Question is what can children do outside but not in a small room? Answer is jump rope because it is a good exercise for children.  Question is what can children do outside but not in a small room? Answer
he was born in 1918.
he wanted to know where the earth was.  The science major was planning on digging in the earth one day, his favorite class was what?  Answer: Geography  The science major was planning on digging in the earth
it is a place where trash is collected.  Question: Why is garbage dump a place where trash is collected?  Answer: Because it is a place where trash is collected.  Question: Why is garbage dump a place where trash is collected?
you have to finish on time.  If you are prone to postpone work, you have to hasten. If you are prone to postpone work, you have to hasten.  If you are prone to postpone work
he was checking mail.
it has the most coastline. I think you're missing the point. The question is "What is the largest state with a coast in the US?" The answer is "California." The question is "What is the largest state with a coast in
they are the only ones who have the time to go there.  I think that the library is a place where people can go to learn and read. I think that the library is a place where people can go to learn and read.
they are the only place where you can see pictures with a story.  I think that the answer is wrong. I think that people look at pictures with a story on the internet. I think that the internet is the best place to look at pictures with a story.
fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling.  Fear is a feeling
you can buy them there.  Question: Where do you buy potato chips? Answer: Supermarket because you can buy them there.  Question: Where do you buy potato chips? Answer: Supermarket because you can buy them there.  Question: Where do you buy potato chips
of the weather.  Question: What is the weather? Answer: The weather is the weather.  Question: What is the weather? Answer: The weather is the weather.  Question: What is the
they are children.  Question: What is the difference between a child and an adult? Answer: A child is a child. An adult is an adult.  Question: What is the difference between a child and a grown-up? Answer: A child is a
it's a side dish.  Question is what is the most common food that we eat with corn on the cob? Answer is potatoes.  Question is what is the most common food that we eat with corn on the cob? Answer is potatoes.  Question
that's where the fiddle was invented.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but I'm going to anyway. I'm looking for a good fiddle tune to play for
she spilled ink on her desk.
it is shiny.  Question: Why is a piece of wood called a plank? Answer: Because it is a plank of wood.  Question: Why is a piece of wood called a board? Answer: Because it is a board of wood.
it's a public building.  Question: What is the name of the building? Answer: The building is called the city hall.  Question: What is the name of the city hall? Answer
you are helping them.  Question: What is the difference between a good deed and a bad deed? Answer: A good deed is when you help someone in need. A bad deed is when you help someone in need and you feel pleasure.  Question:
they have a long digestive tract.  Question: What do they excrete? Answer: They excrete waste.  Question: What do they excrete? Answer: They excrete waste.  Question: What do they excrete? Answer:
chef is a chef. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand.
she is a robot. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to go with yes. I'm
bees are attracted to cider.  Question: What is the difference between cider and wine? Answer: Cider is made from apples and wine is made from grapes.  Question: What is the difference between cider and beer? Answer: Cider is made from apples
they are the ones who are most likely to be in the classroom.  Question is who does the teacher speak with most during the week? Answer is school children because they are the ones who are most likely to be in the classroom.  Question is who does the
it's a good place for a potato to mix with other veggies. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it is a device.  Question: Who uses a contraceptive device? Answer: Person because it is a device.  Question: Who uses a contraceptive device? Answer: Person because it is a device.  Question: Who uses a contraceptive device? Answer: Person because it is a device
it is a place where people usually do not sleep.  Q: What is a place that usually does not have any pillow?  A: Rest area because it is a place where people usually do not sleep.  Q: What is a place that
it's a public building.  Question: What is the difference between a public building and a private building?  Answer: A public building is a building that is owned by the government. A private building is a building that is owned by a private person.
she can buy the latest fashion and books.  The answer is wrong. She should look for the latest fashion in a bookshop.  The answer is wrong. She should look for the latest fashion in a bookshop.
you never know what can happen.  I have a question. I am going to be traveling to Europe in a few months. I am going to be staying in hostels and I am going to be using public transportation. I am going to be using the train
it is not vacuum. I think you're missing the point. The vacuum is the container. The dirt is the dirt. The dirt is the container. The dirt is the vacuum. The dirt is the vacuum. The dirt is the vacuum. The
it's the most efficient way to store it.  Question: What is the most efficient way to store corn? Answer: Silo.  Question: What is the most efficient way to store corn? Answer: Silo.  Question: What
they have a pool. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure if you're aware that the pool is closed for the season. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that if you
it's convenient.  I think the question is more like "Why do you go to the mall?"  I think the question is more like "Why do you go to the mall?"  I think the question is more like "Why do you go to
it's the most popular tourist destination in the world. I think the question is more about the Eiffel Tower being the most popular tourist destination in the world. I think the answer is that it's the most popular tourist destination
he was bad at surfing.  James was a surfer. He loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. He would always wipe out because he was bad at surfing.  James was a surfer. He
it's the only place in the world where derby souvenirs are sold.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not,
it was a premiere of a play.  Question: What is the name of the play? Answer: The play is called "The Last Five Years"  Question: What is the name
she was scared.  The babysitter was scared because she was in a situation she had never been in before. She was scared because she was in a situation she had never been in before. She was scared because she was in a
it is a table.  Question: What is the difference between a table and a desk? Answer: A desk is a table that is used for writing and a table is a table that is used for eating.  Question
she was told to do what?  The answer is stay still because she was told to do what?  The answer is stay
it's a game.
of illness or injury.  The Social Security Administration (SSA) is the federal agency that administers the Social Security program. The SSA is responsible for paying benefits to people who are eligible for Social Security benefits.  The SSA is an independent agency
of sitting in car for long time.  Question:  What is the cause of backache?  Answer:  Backache is caused by sitting in car for long time.  Question:  What
the congregation is funneled into the church.  Question: What is the difference between a church and a church? Answer: A church is a building, and a church is a congregation.  Question: What is the difference between a church and a
it has automatic doors.  Question: What is the difference between a garage and a carport? Answer: A carport is a covered structure that is attached to a house. It is used to store cars and other vehicles. A garage is
the offspring is not theirs.  The question is, why do people adopt? The answer is, to give the child a better life.  The question is, why do people give away their children? The answer is, because the offspring is not theirs
you're playing games.  Question: What is the difference between a game and a toy? Answer: A game is a toy that is played with.  Question: What is the difference between a game and a sport? Answer: A game is a sport
it was a hunting lodge. I think you're right. I think the "what" was the hunting lodge. I think the "why" was the crude building with drafting floors.
he was a human being.  I think the point is that he was a human being, and he was content. He was not a human being who was content. He was a human being
every person wants to live with someone.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman?  Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman?  Answer: A man
it is easy to carry and it is easy to find.  Question: What is the difference between traveling clothes and regular clothes? Answer: Traveling clothes are more comfortable and more practical.  Question: What is the difference between traveling clothes and regular clothes? Answer: Traveling clothes are
there are many people.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "statue"?  Answer: The word "statue" means "to make a statue".  Question: What is the meaning of the word "statue"?  Answer:
she was raised selfish.  I think the question is, "What is the difference between a selfish child and a spoiled child?"  I think the answer is that a selfish child is one who is raised to be selfish. A
it's a corner mailbox.  The problem is that the question is not clear. The question is ambiguous. The question is not clear because the answer is not clear. The answer is not clear because the question is ambiguous.  The question is ambiguous because the
bees are the only ones that make honey.  The answer is a bee hive because bees are the only ones that make honey.  The answer is a bee hive because bees are the only ones that make honey.  The answer
he was lazy.  The lazy man did not enjoy having to maintain a yard because he was lazy.  The lazy man did not enjoy having to maintain a yard because he was lazy.  The lazy man did
it's the newest. I think he's asking why the new stadium is in Phoenix. I think he's asking why the new stadium is in Phoenix.
it's free. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not looking for a place to have a reception. I'm looking for a place to have a wedding. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that if you're
you can buy them.  Question: How do you get nails if you do not have any? Answer: Store.  Question: How do you get nails if you do not have any? Answer: Store.  Question: How do you get nails if
you will be tired. I think the question is more about how to get up early.
they want to see the game.  I think the same thing applies to the NFL. People go to see the game. They don't go to see the players.  I think the same thing applies to the NFL. People go to see the game. They don't
people are not paying attention. I think the question is more about why people are so stupid. Because they are not paying attention.
you question it.  I do not believe in God because I question it. I do not believe in God because I do not see any evidence for it. I do not believe in God because I do not see any evidence against it. I do not
the water is cold.  Question: What happens to someone wading while fishing? Answer: Wet clothes because the water is cold.  Question: What happens to someone wading while fishing? Answer: Wet clothes because the water is cold.  Question: What happens
he is happy. I think you're missing the point.
it's obtuse. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you are. I'm not joking. I'm just not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not joking. I'm
it was in a building.
you can't do anything else. I think he means what do you do with the weapons you stockpile. I think he means what do you do with the weapons you stockpile.
they were all in a band. I think you're missing the point. The question is "What is the name of the band?"
the first machine is not big enough.  I have a question about the washing machine. I have a front load washer and I have a problem with the clothes not getting clean. I have tried everything I can
i'm not going to be able to explain it to you. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm saying that if you're trying to communicate with someone, you should be able to explain it to
it is in orbit.  Question is what structure had to use a launching platform many times to escape the earth's gravity? Answer is space station because it is in orbit.  Question is what structure had to use a launching platform many
you have been running for a long time.  Question: What is the best way to get rid of a headache? Answer: Take a cold shower.  Question: What is the best way to get rid of a headache? Answer: Take a cold shower.
it's the only state with more cows than people.  1,879 shares
it's the most pleasurable thing. I think you're missing the point.
it is expensive.  Question: What is the difference between a metal and a precious metal?Answer: A metal is a non precious metal.  Question: What is the difference between a precious metal and a non precious metal?Answer: A precious metal is a metal
it is the most important ceremony in the life of a couple.  Question is a bride and groom are taking care of proposals, what is the likely ceremony? Answer is marriage because it is the most important ceremony in the life of a couple.
it is a commercial.  I think the question is more about the difference between a performance and a commercial.  I think the question is more about the difference between a performance and a commercial.  I think the question is more about the difference
they have pamphlets on diseases and ailments.  Question: What is the difference between a pamphlet and a book? Answer: A pamphlet is a small booklet.  Question: What is the difference between a pamphlet and a book? Answer: A pamphlet is a small
it's the opposite of normal. I think you're missing the point.
of water.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A woman has a vagina.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man has a penis.  Question: What is the difference between a
city is the place where people live.  Question: What is the difference between a city and a town?  Answer: A city is a place where people live. A town is a place where people live.  Question: What is the difference between a city
you're a criminal. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm saying that if you're caught hurting someone else, you're likely to have legal problems because you're a criminal. I'm not sure what you're
it's tasty.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the answer to the question is obvious.  I'm saying that the answer to the question is not obvious.  I'm saying that the
you're hungry.  Now, if you're suffering from thirst what you likely to do with your drink? Answer is drink quickly because you're thirsty.  Now, if you're suffering from pain what you likely to do with your pain?
they have to deal with customers.  Question is what business is likely to have few cubicles? Answer is bank because they have to deal with customers.  Answer is bank because they have to deal with customers.  Answer is bank because they have to deal with customers
they want to have them.  So, if you want to have a house, you have to have money. If you have money, you have to have a house. If you have a house, you have to have a car. If you
he was looking sharp.  Question: What is the difference between a good man and a bad man? Answer: A good man is a man who is good.  Question: What is the difference between a good
he thought that the new screen would be better than the old one.  James thought that the cost of buying a new screen outweighted the benefit of having a new screen.  James thought that the cost of buying a new screen outweight
it was thin.  Question: What is the difference between a pizza and a pizza pie? Answer: A pizza is a flat round pizza. A pizza pie is a pizza that is cut into slices.  Question: What is the
it's the shortest. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but the answer is the same as the question. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the answer is the same as the question. I'm not sure if you're joking or not,
you are not in the parking lot of the grocery store.  The same is true of the parking lot of a church. You are not in the parking lot of the church. You are in the parking lot of the church's parking lot.  The same is
of the pressure of the decision to be made.  Question: What is the difference between pressure and pressure? Answer: Pressure is the feeling of the pressure of the important decisions to be made today.  Question: What is the difference between
if you make peace, you will have harmony.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "peace"?  Answer: Peace is the state of being free from war, conflict, and violence.  Question: What is
it's a trashcan. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure the question is "where do you throw garbage?" I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is obvious. I'm not sure if you're being
you can't get rid of what?
it's a large city. I think the question is more about the fact that the building was designed to hold a lot of people, but it was built in a small town. It was built in a small town because it was a
it's the best way to prepare meat.  I'm not sure if you're trolling or not, but I'll answer your question anyway.  You brown meat to make it more tender. It's a simple fact.  I'm not sure if you
it is a light source that is portable.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what is a portable light source called? Answer is flashlight because it is a light source that is portable.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what is a
you're in the middle of nowhere. I'm from Iowa and I've never heard that before. I'm from Iowa and I've never heard that before. I'm from Iowa and I've never heard that before. I'm from
it is not holy.  Question: What is the difference between a profane and a holy thing?  Answer: A profane thing is not holy.  Question: What is the difference between a holy and a profane thing?  Answer: A holy
the words are not clear.  Question: What is the meaning of the words "I am the way, the truth, and the life"?  Answer: The words "I am the way, the truth, and the life" are
they have a friend. I'm not sure I understand your point.
it's a rest area.  Question is where might you find a map on an outside wall? Answer is rest area because it's a rest area.  Question is where might you find a map on an outside wall? Answer is rest area because it's a
you are working.  I think the question is a bit more complex than that.  I think the question is a bit more complex than that.  I think the question is a bit more complex than that.  I think the question is a bit
they are healthy.  The food that a child wouldn't want to have is vegetables.  The reason is that vegetables are healthy.  The answer is vegetables.  The reason is that vegetables are healthy.  The answer is vegetables.
remembering is remembering and forgetting is forgetting.  Question: What is the opposite of remembering? Answer: Forgetting.  Question: What is the opposite of remembering? Answer: Forgetting.  Question: What is the opposite of remembering? Answer: Forgetting.  Question:
you never know when you'll need help again. I think the point is that you should always be willing to help someone, even if you don't know them. I think the point is that you should always be willing to help someone, even if you don't
he knew he would be late.  Now let's look at the second question. He knew he would be late for several days. What is his reaction? Answer is stress because he knew he would
it was the most popular garment of the 1920's.  The chemise was a sleeveless nightgown that was worn by women in the 1920's. It was popular with the flappers of the 1920's because it was a very
it's a female. I think the question is why do cows produce milk? Because they're female. I think the question is why do females produce milk? Because they're cows. I think the question is why do cows produce milk? Because they're female. I think
it's not natural.  I think the question is more about the artificiality of the park, not the artificiality of the city.  I think the question is more about the artificiality of the park, not the
it has both.  Question: What is the difference between a department store and a specialty store? Answer: Department store has jewelry and clothing. Specialty store has only jewelry.  Question: What is the difference between a department store and a specialty store? Answer: Department
you realize how much you have and how much you don't. I think the answer is more like "I'm sad because I realize how much I have and how much I don't have."
he wanted to buy some tea.
it's a board. I think you're missing the point.
the table is the only thing that is left.  The answer is table because the table is the only thing that is left.  The answer is table because the table is the only thing that is left.
they lived so remote.  Question: How did they get news? Answer: They got news from the radio.  Question: How did they get news? Answer: They got news from the radio.  Question:
it is not a question.  Question: What is the deep ocean?  Answer: The deep ocean is dark.  Question: What is the deep ocean?  Answer: The deep ocean is dark.  Question: What
they are idiots.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic
of inflation.  Question: What is the difference between inflation and rising interest rates?Answer: Inflation is a rise in the general price level. Rising interest rates are a rise in the interest rates.  Question: What is the difference
it's good for you.  I think the principal is trying to say that if you do well in school, you will be able to get a good job and make a lot of money.  I think the principal is trying
soup is a food. I think you're missing the point.
he was holding his breath. I think he was trying to say that he was holding his breath because he was scared of the water. I think he was trying to say that he was holding his breath because he was scared of the water.
he was laying still.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the high teenager was having trouble grasping that the world was always in motion even if he laid there what
it was a cottonmouth. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
crayon is a classroom.  Q: What is the difference between a teacher and a teacher?  A: Teacher is a person who teaches.  Q: What is the difference between a teacher and a teacher?  A: Teacher is
they are not in power.  Question: What did the government dislike?  Answer: The government disliked the fact that people were protesting against them.  Question: Why did the government dislike the fact that people were protesting against them?
you need to know each other.  Question: What do you need to do with a friend before going to play? Answer: Meet because you need to know each other.  Question: What do you need to do with a friend before going to play
they were learning about the different types of animals.  The children were very excited to see the animals. They were very interested in the different types of animals. They were very excited to see the animals. They were very interested in
he was lonely.  Question: What is the difference between a child and a dog? Answer: A child is a dog that has been trained to talk.  Question: What is the difference between a child and a dog? Answer: A child is a
the sun is always in the west.  Question: Where does the sun set?  Answer: West.  Question: Where does the sun set?  Answer: West.  Question: Where does the sun set?  Answer: West.  Question: Where
it was not meant to be sold.
it is safer.  Question is where is it safer to keep marmot? Answer is cage because it is safer.  Question is where is it safer to keep marmot? Answer is cage because it is safer.  Question is where is it safer to keep marmot
she was too busy to open it.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to assume it's not.  I
they have the best selection of bicycles.  Question is where is the best place to get a bicycle for a child? Answer is toy store because they have the best selection of bicycles.  Question is where is the best place to get a bicycle for a
it is a party.  I think the question is more about the fact that the laughter is not a natural reaction to the question.  I think the question is more about the fact that the laughter is not a natural reaction to the question.  I think the
it is the most important nutrient for the body.  Question: What is the difference between a protein and a carbohydrate?  Answer: Protein is a macronutrient, which means it is a large molecule made up of a lot of smaller molecules
of the large Jewish population. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure he was asking where the best kosher restaurants are. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the question is a bit silly because
they want to see the products and compare prices.  The problem is that the comparison shopping is not done in a way that is fair. The comparison shopping is done by the store owners. The store owners are the ones who are going to benefit from the comparison shopping. The
i don't have a phone. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it is the most likely to be locked.  The same logic applies to the question of what is a person likely to lock at night? Answer is front door because it is the most likely to be locked.  The same logic applies to the question of what is a
it's a school. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm saying that the school is using a printer that is not meant for the school. It's a school printer, not a school printer. It's a school printer that is
the bladder is empty.  Question: What is the difference between a person's bladder and a person's stomach? Answer: A person's stomach is empty because the stomach is empty.  Question: What is the difference between a person's bladder and a person's
the sun is the center of the universe. I think you're missing the point. The sun is the center of the solar system, not the universe. The sun is the center of the solar system because it's the only thing
of the competition.  The stress is caused by the competition.  The stress is caused by the competition.  The stress is caused by the competition.  The stress is caused by the competition.  The stress is caused by the competition.  The stress
radio is the best way to listen to music.  Question is if somebody had a great love of music, they probably do what in the car? Answer is listen to radio because radio is the best way to listen to music.
it's fun.  Now, if you're playing a game and you're not winning, you're not having fun. So, you're not playing the game. You're playing a game.  So, if you're not having fun, you're not playing the
they feel they are not getting the job.  Question is if a person feels they are getting a job but they never get the offer, how might they feel? Answer is let down because they feel they are not getting
vegetables are low in calories.  The doctor told the man to eat vegetables, he promised it would help him what?  Answer is lose weight because vegetables are low in calories.  The doctor told the man to eat vegetables,
he was suffering from a concussion. I think you're missing the point.
you have to go somewhere.  Question: What would you do if you have excitement and do not want to stay in your house?  Answer: Go somewhere because you have to go somewhere.  Question: What would you
you're talking to people. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm saying that I don't have a social life because I don't go out and talk to people. I'm saying that you have
of the alcohol.  Question: Why do some people get nauseous when they drink alcohol?  Answer: The reason why some people get nauseous when they drink alcohol is because of the alcohol.  Question: Why do some people get nauseous when they
it is not allowed.  Question: What is the difference between the official judging and the unofficial judging?Answer: The official judging is the judging of the judges. The unofficial judging is the judging of the judges by the judges.  Question: What is the difference between the
it is the only place where you can find jellyfish.  The jellyfish is a marine animal. It is a kind of animal that has a long body and a long tail. It has a long body because it is a kind of animal that has a long body. It
it's a star. I think you're missing the point. The star is lonely because it's a star. It's not lonely because it's a star. I think you're missing the point. The star is lonely because it's a star.
we have a contract.  The union is not going to go back to work until they get what they want. They want a contract that is fair to them. They want a contract that is fair to the members. They want a contract that is
you are not paying attention.  Question: What might be the result of getting hit while crossing the street?  Answer: Injury because you are not paying attention.  Question: What might be the result of getting hit while crossing the street?
it is a mountain.  Question: What is a type of hill? Answer: Mountain  Question: What is a type of hill? Answer: Mountain  Question: What is a type of hill? Answer: Mountain  Question: What is a type of hill? Answer:
you can't get warm by just sitting in the cold.  Question is what should you do when you need to raise your body temperature when it is chilly at night outdoors? Answer is warmth because you can't get warm by just
it is a container.  Question: What is the difference between a vase and a flower?Answer: A vase is a container.  Question: What is the difference between a vase and a flower?Answer: A vase is a
it's a question. I think the question is asking if the answer is understood.
they have the biggest steaks. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
of the war.  Question: Why would someone be committing murder? Answer: Problems because of the war.  Question: Why would someone be committing murder? Answer: Problems because of the war.  Question: Why would someone be committing murder? Answer: Problems because of the war
greeting is the first thing that people do when they meet each other.  Greeting is the first thing that people do when they meet each other.  Greeting is the first thing that people do when they meet each other.  Greeting is the
you are the one who is going to be buying the product.  So, you are the one who is going to be buying the product. So, you are the one who is going to be buying the product. So, you are the one who is going to be buying
it's not a science.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying
it's a credit card. I think the joke is that the envelope is the only thing that's new. I think the joke is that the joke is that the joke is that the joke is that the joke is that the joke is that the joke is that the joke is
of game.
it is a plant.  I have a rose bush that i want to keep inside. I have a pot that i want to put it in. I have a rose bush that i want to keep inside. I have a pot that i want
she is your niece.  Question:  What is the relation of your niece?  Answer:  She is your niece.  Question:  What is the relation of your niece?  Answer:
it's a great way to get out and enjoy nature.  Question: What is the best way to get to the top of a hill? Answer: The best way to get to the top of a hill is to walk up it.  Question
it is the most common.  Question is if i have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be? Answer is lamp because it is the most common.  Question is if i have a modern
I have no room for it.  I have a question about the "I'm not a hoarder" thread. I'm not a hoarder, but I do have a lot of stuff. I have a lot of stuff because I
it is a movie.  I think you are confusing the term "movie" with the term "movie-like".  I think you are confusing the term "movie" with the term "movie-like".  I think you are confusing the term "
there are lots of people around you. I think you're missing the point.
it's the most important thing.  Question: What is the most important thing for farmers to have to start off?  Answer: Farm land because it's the most important thing.  Question: What is the most important thing for farmers to have
they are racing.  I think the question is more about the difference between a race and a competition.  I think the question is more about the difference between a race and a competition.  I think the question is more about the difference between a race and a
it's a good way to get the child to do his chores.  I have a question for you. What is the difference between a question and a statement?  A question is a
he didn't do the exercise.
they're going to be singing to attract a mate.  So, we're going to be looking at the song of the birds. We're going to be looking at the song of the birds and we're going to be looking at the song of the
you're innocent.  Question is where are you if the person next to you has a briefcase and you're accused of a misdeed? Answer is courtroom because you're innocent.  Question is where
of lack of sleep.  Question is why might someone decide on going to bed? Answer is drowsiness because of lack of sleep.  Question is why might someone decide on going to bed? Answer is drowsiness because of lack of sleep.  Question
it is the capital of Israel. I know that, but I'm asking why Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Because it is the capital of Israel. I know that, but I'm asking why Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Because it is
it's a planet.  Now, if you want to know how a planet moves around the sun, you need to know how a planet moves around the sun.  So, let's start with the basics.  A planet is a body that orbits the sun.
he was eating.
it's raining. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the answer is disneyland because it's raining. I'm not sure if
it is a continent. I think you're missing the point.
it's a post office. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's a post office. I know, I'm just saying
it's a wall. I think you're missing the point.
you're not going to live long enough to be executed.  Now, if you're caught committing murder, you're going to be executed. So, if you're caught committing murder, you're going to be executed. So, if you
he was a reject.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the only reason he was rejected was because he was a reject.  I'm saying that the only reason he was rejected was because he
he was sick.
you could have been doing something else.  I think the question is more about what you do with your time. If you watch TV and accomplish nothing, then you have wasted your time. If you watch TV and accomplish something, then you have not wasted your time
it's a glove. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it's a jungle. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the answer is madagascar because it's a jungle. I'm not sure
that's what we're doing. I think you're missing the point.
you stayed in bed. I think the question is more about why the mom would tell her son to stay in bed instead of going to school. Because she's sick. I think the question is more
each student was an individual.  The teacher explained that even though everybody is general each of the students was an individual, she wanted each student to feel what?  Answer is special because each student was
beans are high in fiber.  Question: What is the difference between a bean and a legume?  Answer: Legumes are a group of plants that have a hard outer shell. Beans are a type of legume.  Question: What is the
you are not allowed to talk. I think you're missing the point.
he was trying to avoid the question.  The professor was avoiding the question because he was trying to avoid the question.  The professor was avoiding the question because he was trying to avoid the question.  The professor was avoiding
they are the only part that is replaceable. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm asking if there's a way to keep using the pen, but not have to buy a new one. You
it's a room that is not meant to be seen from outside.  Question: What is the difference between a room and a room? Answer: A room is a room that is not meant to be seen from outside.
that's where the convention was.
hairpins are used to hold hair in place.  Question: What is the difference between a hairpin and a hair clip?  Answer: Hairpin is a small, decorative, and ornamental piece of metal or plastic that is used to hold hair in place
it is not real.  Question: What is the difference between a real man and a movie man? Answer: A real man is a man that is not in a movie.  Question: What is the difference between a real man and a movie man? Answer:
he was tanning. I think the question is why was he tanning on the beach? Because he was tanning. I think the question is why was he tanning on the beach? Because he was tanning. I think the question
it's a private toilet.  Question: What is the difference between a toilet and a sink? Answer: A toilet is a sink that only friends can use.  Question: What is the difference between a toilet and a sink? Answer: A toilet is a
of repetitive stress.  Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition in which the median nerve is compressed by the carpal bones. The median nerve is the nerve that runs from the forearm to the hand. The median nerve is responsible for the feeling of touch in
they are not expecting it.  The question is what are people likely to do when an unexpected decent outcome occurs? Answer is thank god because they are not expecting it.  I think that's a good point.  I think the question is what
there is no central passage.  The answer is wrong. The correct answer is a public building because there is no central passage.  The answer is wrong. The correct answer is a public building because there is no central passage.  The answer is wrong
it's a good way to end relaxing.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think
they are trying to save the environment.  The company is trying to save the environment by using recycled cardboard as their packaging materials.  The company is trying to save the environment by using recycled cardboard as their packaging materials.  The company is
it was nursed back to health.  The cat was nursed back to health, and then went on to live many years.  The cat was nursed back to health, and then went on
of the high quality of the steel.  The wheel is made of a steel that is very high quality. The steel is made in michigan. The steel is made in michigan because of the high quality of the steel. The steel is made in michigan because
it's a house. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that it's a house. I'm not sure if you're
i need it to decorate something.  I think you are right.  I think you are right.  I think you are right.  I think you are right.  I think you are right.
it is a place where you can read and think.  The room is a study. It is a place where you can read and think.  The room is a study. It is a place where you can read and think.  The room
of police brutality.  The police are supposed to protect and serve the people. They are not supposed to be the judge, jury, and executioner. They are not supposed to be the judge, jury, and executioner. They are
they are the only state that has a wild population.  Question is why are they endangered? Answer is because of the loss of habitat.  Question is why are they endangered? Answer is because of the loss of habitat.  Question is why are they endangered? Answer
they are in the attic.  I'm not sure what you mean by "the attic". The attic is the space above the roof. The space above the roof is the attic.  I'm not sure what you mean by "the attic". The attic
she is a woman.  The first question is the real estate alienated people, what did she need to learn to be? Answer is charming because she is a woman.  The first question is the real estate alienated people, what did she need to
he wanted to gain what?  I think the answer is that he wanted to gain a new perspective.  I think the answer is that he wanted to gain a new perspective.  I think the answer is that he wanted to gain a
it's a concert. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he's asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's a concert. I'm not sure if you're being
he likes to win.
i go on vacations. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you're being serious.
they are same.  Now we will create a new class called Racks.  Racks  Racks is a class that will contain all the racks.  Racks  publicclassRacks  {  public
she wanted a curved sword.
of the lack of sleep.  I think that's a good point. I've been playing games for a long time, and I've been playing them for a long time. I've been playing games for a long time, and I've been playing them for a
it's a crime.  The question is: "What is the punishment for killing?"  The answer is: "The punishment for killing is death."  The question is: "What is the punishment for killing a human being?"  The answer is: "
we had a very good quarter.  Question:  Can you give us some color on the new products that you're launching?  Answer:  Yes, we have a new product called the T-Series. It's a new product that
it's the most common.  Q: What is the difference between a table and a chair?  A: A table is a piece of furniture that is used to support a chair.  Q: What is the difference between a table and a desk?  A
it's not a train. I think you're missing the point. The question is why the final boarding group was called. The answer is because the plane was ready to depart. The question is why the plane was ready to
you're bored. I'm not bored, I'm just trying to get some ideas for things to do. I'm not bored, I'm just trying to get some ideas for things to do.
it's the next one in line alphabetically. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the Atlantic Ocean is not the next one in line alphabetically. I think you're missing the point
it is a ditch.  I'm not sure what you mean by "ditch". I'm not sure what you mean by "ditch". I'm not sure what you mean by "ditch". I'm not sure what you mean by "ditch
they were constantly scanning all the faces.  So, the security detail had to keep an eye on the entire crowd, they were constantly scanning all the what?  Faces.  So, the security detail had
fish is a living creature and it lives in water.  Question: What is the difference between a fish and a fish? Answer: A fish is a living creature and a fish is a fish.  Question: What is the difference between a fish and a
you're in a restaurant. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that's what he meant. I'm not
it's free.  Question is what would you do if you were a fish? Answer is I would go to the state park.  Question is what would you do if you were a bird? Answer is I would go to the state park.  Question
it is a desert plant.  Question: Why is the ficus tree native to the middle east?  Answer: Because it is a desert plant.  Question: Why is the ficus tree native to the middle east?  Answer: Because it is a
it was the only thing that could cut through royal necks. I think you mean the French Revolution. I think you mean the French Revolution. I think you mean the French Revolution. I think you mean the French Revolution. I think you
he was hungry.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A woman has a vagina.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man has a penis.
I have to.  Question: What do you do? Answer: I'm a teacher.  Question: What do you do? Answer: I'm a teacher.  Question: What do you do? Answer: I'm a teacher.  Question:
they are not going to be able to learn at home.  I think that the parents should be able to choose whether or not they want their children to go to school. I think that the parents should be able to choose whether or not they want their children to go to school.
that's where the wings are. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure he's asking where the wings are on the helmet. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the wings are on
they are the ones who are going to fix the machines.  The same is true for the other professions. If you are a doctor, you are likely to order medicine. If you are a lawyer, you are likely to order legal
the business is not able to pay its debts.  Question: What is the difference between a business and a corporation?  Answer: A corporation is a legal entity that is separate from its owners. It is a separate entity that has
it's a food court. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
he felt bad.  The murderer felt remorse because he felt bad.  The murderer felt remorse because he felt bad.  The murderer felt remorse because he felt bad.  The murderer felt remorse because he felt bad.  The murderer felt remorse
it is the most convenient place to put it.  Question is when you want to see a picture frequently, where might you put it on your computer? Answer is desktop because it is the most convenient place to put it.  Question
it's the only place in the world where you can see a bald eagle perceptive of what natural landmark?  The answer is grand canyon because it's the only place in the world where you can see a bald eagle per
he believes that people have the ability to make choices.  Question: What is the difference between a fatalist and a free will believer?  Answer: A fatalist believes that people have no free will
he was playing with friends. I think he meant that he wanted to play with his friends but couldn't concentrate on the game because he was enjoying himself.
there are many colleges in big town.  Question: Where is the college? Answer: In big town.  Question: Where is the college? Answer: In big town.  Question: Where is the college? Answer: In big town.
it's easy to carry and you can put it in your bag.  I think it's a good idea to have a backpack with scissors in it. I have a backpack with scissors in it and I use it all the time. I have
it's a mexican restaurant. I think the question is more like "where does the cuisine from a mexican restaurant originate from?" I think the question is more like "where does the cuisine from a mexican restaurant originate from?"
it is a place where you can relax and forget about your worries.  Question: What is the difference between a meditation center and a monastery?  Answer: A monastery is a place where monks live and meditate. A meditation center is a place where people can meditate.
he was a man.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is a bit of a non-sequitur.  The question is "Why did he do the housework
it is a house.  Question:  What is the difference between a house and a house?  Answer:  A house is a building that is used for living. A house is a building that is used for living.
they are the ones who are best friends with dogs.  I think the question is a little more complicated than that. I think the question is, "When did dogs become man's best friend?"  I think the answer is
it is a museum outside of barcelona.  The answer is martorell because it is a museum outside of barcelona.  The answer is martorell because it is a museum outside of barcelona.
it is frozen.  Question: How long can chicken be kept in the refrigerator? Answer: 3 days.  Question: How long can chicken be kept in the freezer? Answer: 3 months.  Question: How long can chicken be kept in the freezer? Answer: 3
it is a public meeting.  Question: What is the difference between a public meeting and a public forum?  Answer: A public meeting is a meeting of the public, a public forum is a meeting of the public and a public forum
they were exhausted.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll answer anyway.  The couple had been copulating non stop for a long time. They were exhausted and needed a break.
he was a kid.
it is the most popular instrument.  Question: What is the most popular instrument?  Answer: Guitar  Question: What is the most popular instrument?  Answer: Guitar  Question: What is the most popular instrument?  Answer: Guitar
we have a lot of board games.  Question: What is your favorite board game?  Answer: I like to play Monopoly.  Question: What is your favorite board game?  Answer: I like to play Monopoly.  Question: What is your favorite
they were friends.  Question: What is the difference between a social event and a regular poker game?  Answer: A social event is a gathering of people who are friends. A regular poker game is a gathering of people
they are in their backpack.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to assume it's not.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to assume it's not.  I'm not
it is the place where people live.  The second question is in what place could you find air that has been breathed by only a few people recently? Answer is house because it is the place where people live.  The third question
they are tropical plants.  Question: What is the difference between a ficus and a fig tree? Answer: Ficus is a genus of tropical plants. Fig tree is a species of fig.  Question: What is the difference between a ficus and a fig
they are extinct.  The question is what time period did mammoth's live in? Answer is prehistoric times because they are extinct.  The question is what time period did mammoth's live in? Answer is prehistoric times because they are extinct.  The question is what time
she was flying it. I think the question is more about the fact that she was flying a plane that was on fire. I think the question is
you are not allowed to eat in the middle of the table.  Question: What do you do when you are at a formal place and you want to eat? Answer: Sit.  Question: What do you do when you are at a formal place
he is alone.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man
he was a foreigner.
it is quiet.  Question is what can a child do to quietly pass the time? Answer is read book because it is quiet.  Question is what can a child do to quietly pass the time? Answer is read book because it is quiet.  Question
it's the lowest point in the house.  The master control is usually located in the basement.  The master control is usually located in the basement.  The master control is usually located in the basement.  The master control is usually located in the basement.
you are running after the ball.  Now, if you are running after the ball, you are exerting physical energy. If you are exerting physical energy, you are burning calories. If you are burning calories, you are losing weight.  So, if you are
it's the most fun. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
there are no mailboxes in the foyer.  Question: What is the difference between a mailbox and a post box? Answer: A mailbox is a box that is used to receive mail. A post box is a box that is used to
it's not the same contract.  Q: What's the difference between a contract and a lease?  A: A contract is a legal agreement between two or more parties. A lease is a contract between a landlord and a tenant.  Q: What's the
he believed in the favourite.  The question is, if you believe in the underdog, what do you do? Do you bet on the underdog? Or do you bet on the favourite?  The answer is,
it was a fraternity.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the fraternity pranks were a big part of the reason the tennis court was removed.  I'm not sure what you're trying to
they are sore.  The same applies to the body. If you are sore, you will stretch. If you are sore, you will stretch. If you are sore, you will stretch.  If you are sore, you will
it's the closest to the ocean.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking for a good book on the Apollo program. I've read a few,
I'm a restaurant.  I'm not a restaurant. I'm a restaurant.  I'm not a restaurant. I'm a restaurant.  I'm not a restaurant. I'm a restaurant.  I'm not a restaurant. I'm a restaurant
it is a clock.  Question: What is the difference between a clock and a watch?Answer: A clock is a device that tells time. A watch is a device that tells time and is worn on the wrist.  Question: What is
you're buying beer. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the point of the question. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that's the answer.
your feet will be in a state of shock.  The same thing happens when you are in a state of shock. You will get blisters on your feet.  So, if you are in a state of shock, you will
it is a place where you can keep things that are important to you.  The attic is a place where you can keep things that are important to you.  The attic is a place where you can keep things that are important to you.  The attic is a place where you can
he was going to be late.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that gives an answer to a question
they wanted to get to their destination quickly.  Now, if you want to get to your destination quickly, what do you do? You get in a vehicle.  Now, if you want to get to your destination quickly, what do you do?
the society is rotten.  The Cultural Revolution was a period of political and social upheaval in China from 1966 to 1976. It was a period of great social and political upheaval in China from 1966 to 1976. It was a period
he was in a coma.
she lost her babies.  The baby birds fell out of the nest, the mom bird did what?  Grieve because she lost her babies.  The baby birds fell out of the nest, the mom bird did what?
it was a marine museum.  Question: What is the name of the shark? Answer: It is a great white shark.  Question: What is the name of the shark? Answer:
skin is the largest organ of the body.  Question: What is the difference between skin and hair?  Answer: Skin is the largest organ of the body. It is made up of three layers. The outer layer is the epidermis. The middle layer is the dermis. The inner
he would have a bass drum. I think he was asking what would he have if he had a drum set. I think he was asking what would he have if he had a bass drum. I think he was asking
he brought it up the stairs. I think the question is, where did he take the computer? The answer is apartment because he brought it up the stairs.
they are native to the region. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking about the marmoset. I'm asking about the monkey. I'm not being sarcastic. I
it's a business.  Question is where is a business restaurant likely to be located? Answer is business sector because it's a business.  Question is where is a business restaurant likely to be located? Answer is business sector because it's a business.  Question
it is a way to improve your health.  Exercise is a way to improve your health.  Exercise is a way to improve your health.  Exercise is a way to improve your health.  Exercise is a way to improve your health.
he was in a lot of pain.  Q: What did he feel like?  A: Hell.  Q: What did he feel like?  A: Hell.  Q: What did he feel like?
they are having fun.  Now, let's look at the word fun. Fun is a noun. Fun is a verb. Fun is an adjective. Fun is an adverb. Fun is a preposition. Fun is a verb. Fun is a
we are all humans. I think you're missing the point.
it is interesting.  I think the answer is wrong. The answer is "because it is interesting".  I think the answer is wrong. The answer is "because it is interesting".  I think the answer is wrong. The answer is "because it is interesting
it was wet.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What is
it is a place where you can store dishes and not books.  The answer is a pantry because it is a place where you can store dishes and not books.  The answer is a pantry because it is a place where you can store dishes
he was retired.  The old man was retired and liked the simple things, he would do crossword puzzle every morning simply just to do what? Answer is pass time because he was retired.
it is professional.  I think the question is more about what is the best way to dress for a professional setting.  I think the question is more about what is the best way to dress for a professional setting.  I think the question is
they have the tallest buildings.  Question is what is the most common color of a rainbow? Answer is red because it is the longest.  Question is what is the most common color of a rainbow? Answer is red because it is the longest.  Question is
she was standing in the line for the box office.  Q. What is the meaning of the word 'box office'?  A. Box office is a place where people come to buy tickets for the show.
he was doing what he was told.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.
he was suffering from insomnia. I think the question is more about why he couldn't sleep.
he was cold.  Question: What did the human do when he found the house? Answer: He went inside.  Question: What did the human do when he found the house? Answer: He went inside.
they are not here.  Question: What is the difference between a UFO and a UFO? Answer: A UFO is a UFO.  Question: What is the difference between a UFO and a UFO? Answer: A UFO is a UFO.  Question: What is the difference between
it's a religious statue. I think you're missing the point. The question is "where do you go to see a religious statue?" The answer is "church" because it's a religious statue. The question is "where do you go to see a religious
you can't trust the shop.  I think the problem is that people don't know how to compare prices.  I think the problem is that people don't know how to compare prices.  I think the problem is that people don't know how to
it is the most difficult to achieve.  Q: What is the difference between a horse and a jockey?  A: A horse is a horse and a jockey is a jockey.  Q: What is the difference between a horse and a
you are friend. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand.
i want to know more about things.  So, if i want to know more about things, i am seeking increased knowledge.  So, if i want to know more about things, i am seeking increased knowledge.  So
it's faster.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the gazelle is not a good example of a good runner.  I'm saying that the gazelle is not a good example of a good runner
they are not interested in the question.  I think you are right. I think the question is more about the fact that the person who asked the question is not interested in the answer.  I think the question is more about the fact that the person who
it is the only form of government that is associated with kingdoms.  Now, let's look at the question and answer again. Question is what form of government is most associated with kingdoms? Answer is monarchy because it is the only form of government that is associated with kingdoms.
he is a real estate agent.  Lilly was very helpful and friendly. She
it's a black beverage. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure the answer is "coffee" because it's a black beverage. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not joking
it's the only sport where you can't hear the other team. I think you're thinking of football. I think you're thinking of soccer. I think you're thinking of basketball. I think you're thinking of baseball. I think you're thinking
you are tired.  The same applies to your mind. If you are tired and you need to have a rest you should do what? Answer is sit down because you are tired.  The same applies to your mind. If you
they are the only ones who can make babies.  The question is not what are two people likely to do that three will not do? The question is what are two people likely to do that three will not do?  The question is not what are
he is the one who is in the cell.  The guard is not in the cell. The guard is outside the cell. The guard is not in the cell. The guard is outside the cell. The guard is not in the cell. The guard is outside the cell. The guard is
of the visibility.  Question: What is the difference between a car and a truck? Answer: A truck has a higher center of gravity.  Question: What is the difference between a car and a truck? Answer: A truck has a higher center of gravity.
there is no noise.  The same goes for the brain. If you turn off the music in a room with no other noise that room would be what? Answer is silent because there is no noise.  The same goes for
you are not driving.  The answer is wrong. The correct answer is that the calming effect is because you are not driving.  The correct answer is that the calming effect is because you are not driving.  The correct answer is that the calming effect
you are not getting what you want.  Question: What is the difference between love and infatuation?Answer: Love is a feeling of deep affection and attraction for another person. Infatuation is a feeling of deep affection and attraction for
he was afraid of being judged.  Question: What is the difference between a therapist and a counselor?  Answer: A therapist is a person who has a degree in psychology and a counselor is a person who
you did well on the test. I know that, but I'm asking why it's called a school grade. Because it's a grade you get in school. But why is it called a school grade? Because it's
they are picked that day.  Question: What is the difference between a farmer and a farmer's market? Answer: A farmer is a person who grows food. A farmer's market is a place where you can buy food grown by farmers.  Question: What is the
it's not a specific thing. I think you're right. I was thinking of the word "hangout" as a verb, but it's a noun.
hotel is the safest place to sleep.  Question: What is the best way to get a good night's sleep? Answer: Sleep in a hotel.  Question: What is the best way to get a good night's sleep?
it is necessary for the dog.  Question: What is the difference between a dog and a cat? Answer: A dog is a carnivore and a cat is a herbivore.  Question: What is the difference between a dog and a cat? Answer: A dog is
they are dirty.  I have a question about the dryer. I have a dryer that is about 10 years old. I have noticed that the dryer is not drying clothes as well as it used to. I have
the prince of england is the heir to the throne.  The prince of england is the heir to the throne of england.  The prince of england is the heir to the throne of england.
it is a place where you can clean yourself.  Question: What is the main purpose of having a bath?  Answer: Cleanness because it is a place where you can clean yourself.  Question: What is the main purpose of having a bath?
it was the original formula.  I think the question is asking what formula was used to make the new coke. The answer is the original formula because it was the original formula.  I think the question is asking what formula was used to make the new coke
he was not told to sit down.  The trouble child was told to sit down and he did not.  The trouble child was told to sit down and he did not.  The trouble child was told to sit
the sky is above us.  The sky is above us because it is above the earth. The earth is flat. The earth is flat because it is a sphere. The earth is a sphere because it is a sphere.  The earth is a sphere because it is a sphere.
he was there. he was there, but he wasn't there. he was there, but he wasn
it's a town. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking what part of a town would a disco be found in. The answer is the town. The question is asking what part of a town would a disco be found in
it is a small stream.  Question: What is a body of water similar to a stream is called?  Answer: Brook  Question: What is a body of water similar to a stream is called?  Answer: Brook  Question
they are tired. I think you're missing the point.
it's a game. I think you're missing the point. The question is why is it called a "toy" when it's clearly a game. The answer is because it's a toy. It's a toy because
he was a coward.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm not sure if you
it's unhealthy. I think the point is that the person who posted this is fat and is trying to justify it by saying that it's unhealthy. I think the point is that the person who posted this is fat and is trying to justify it
you're dead. I'm not dead yet, but I'm getting there.
of the freedom of movement.  The freedom of movement is the freedom to move from one place to another.  The freedom of movement is the freedom to move from one place to another.  The freedom of movement is the freedom to move from one place to another.
you are taking money from him.  The same thing is happening in the world of Bitcoin. The more people use Bitcoin, the more money is being taken from the banks. The more money is taken
the shelf is where the paint is kept.  The old lady wanted to purchase a can of paint, the helpful employee got it for her off the what? Answer is shelf because the shelf is where the paint is kept
he was looking for a hardy apple tree cultivar that was hardy in the western united states.  Question:  What is the difference between a cultivar and a variety?
it shows that you are interested in what they are saying.  I think that the most important thing to do when talking to someone is to maintain eye contact. It shows that you are interested in what they are saying.  I think that the most important thing to do when
he's not good at it.
it's a contact sport. I think the question is more about the effect of playing football too carelessly on the brain. I think the question is more about the effect of playing football too carelessly on the brain.
you are a criminal. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the human is not a criminal, but the system is. The system is the one that is wrong, not the human. The system is the one that is criminal, not the
it was a ship. I think you're missing the point. The inspector said it was watertight, but it wasn't. The inspector was wrong. The inspector should have known better. The inspector should have been
of easter egg. I know that, but I'm saying that the easter egg is the easter egg, and the easter egg is the easter egg.
he was underage. I think the question is, why did he try to use his student ID at the door? Because he was underage and he wanted to get in. I think the question is, why
he read.  The same thing happens with the mind. If you read a book, you will know more about the subject. If you read a book, you will know more about the subject. If you read a book, you will
it is not good to hurt someone else.  Question: What is the difference between a good and bad karma?  Answer: A good karma is one that is good for you and a bad karma is one that is bad for you
it is a hotel.  Question is where can a bath towel be borrowed? Answer is at hotel because it is a hotel.  Question is where can a bath towel be borrowed? Answer is at hotel because it is a hotel.  Question is where can a bath towel
it's the only place you can park it. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm saying that if you're going to put a car in your driveway, you should put it in the spot that's closest to your house. If you're
it's not on the ocean. I think the question is "what is the surface of the ocean?" I think the question is "what is the surface of the ocean?" I think the question is "what is the surface of the ocean?"
they are thirsty.  The question is:  What is the difference between a chair and a stool?  The answer is:  A chair is a piece of furniture that is used to sit on. A stool is a piece
they are more likely to show their emotions.  Question: What is the difference between an emotional person and a non-emotional person?  Answer: An emotional person is more likely to show their emotions.  Question: What is the difference between an emotional person and a
it's the only thing that can be attached to. I think you're missing the point.
it shows you are confident and not nervous. I think the question is "what is the best way to make eye contact with a person?" I think the question is "what is the best way to make eye contact
they are the most reliable source of information.  Question: What is the most reliable source of information? Answer: Newspapers.  Question: Why is the newspaper the most reliable source of information? Answer: Because it is the most widely read and most widely distributed
they were empty.  The shopping center was empty and needed tenants, who did they solicit? Answer is stores because they were empty.  Click to expand...  I think you're missing the point. The shopping center was empty and needed tenants,
it is the only book that has the answer to all questions.  I think you are missing the point. The question is not about what you would read about an apple tree in, but what you would read about an apple tree in if you were a Christian.  The
it was going to be a cloudy day.  The sun rose, but the pessimist warned everyone it would go down.  The sun rose, but the pessimist warned everyone it would go down.  The sun rose,
you are not remembering.  The first thing you do is to stop and think. You stop and think and you say, "I'm not remembering. I'm not remembering." You stop and think and you say, "I'm not remembering. I'm
they are not biased.  I think that's a good answer. I think it's a good answer because it's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think it's a good answer because it
it was a concert.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the band was playing a concert, and the electricity went out.  I'm saying that the band was playing a
of alcohol.  Question: What is the difference between a drunk and a drunkard?  Answer: A drunk is a person who is drunk. A drunkard is a person who is a drunk.  Question: What is
the back of the painting is the side that is facing the viewer.  Question: What is the difference between a painting and a photograph?Answer: A photograph is a picture of a real object. A painting is a picture of an idea.
they are very dangerous.  Question: What is the difference between a bear and a bear? Answer: A bear is a bear.  Question: What is the difference between a bear and a bear? Answer: A
they are on a beach. I think the question is more about what they are doing on the beach.
it's a carpet. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a hardwood floor. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty
you have plenty to eat.  I think the question is more like "If you have plenty to eat when you have lunch, what will you do?"  I think the question is more like "If you have plenty to eat when you have
she was in a lot of pain.  Question: What is the difference between a massage and a happy ending? Answer: A massage is a happy ending if you pay for it.  Question: What is the
you can learn from it.  Question: What is the difference between a teacher and a teacher?  Answer: A teacher is a person who teaches.  Question: What is the difference between a teacher and a teacher?  Answer: A teacher is
it is a desert.  The question is where would a rosebush be most likely to die due to lack of water? Answer is california because it is a desert.  The question is where would a rosebush be most
she is a cat. I think you're missing the point.
of the heat. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just trying to explain the question.
it is not a fork.  I have a question about the fork. I have a question about the fork. I have a question about the fork. I have a question about the fork. I have a question about the fork. I have a
they are fucking. I'm not sure I understand the question.
it was a small crowd. I think the question is, why did the crowd not grow? Because it was a small crowd. I think the question is, why did the crowd not grow? Because it was a small crowd.
of drunkenness.  Question: What happens to a person on stairs after getting drunk? Answer: Falling down because of drunkenness.  Question: What happens to a person on stairs after getting drunk? Answer: Falling down because of drunkenness.  Question
it's a stationery store. I think you're missing the point.
we haven't eaten in a while. I think you're missing the point.
they were not allowed to have their own cemetery.  Question: Why were they not allowed to have their own cemetery?  Answer: Because they were not allowed to have their own cemetery.  Question: Why were they not allowed to have their own cemetery?  Answer
he is going to be able to meditate.  Question: What is the difference between a meditation center and a monastery?  Answer: A monastery is a place where monks live. A meditation center is a place where people come
there are more restaurant.  Question 2: How many restaurant in big city? Answer is there are more than 10000 restaurant.  Question 3: How many restaurant in small city? Answer is there are more than 1000 restaurant.  Question 4: How many restaurant
it's a private residence.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the answer is "ring" because it's a private residence.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that
it is a schoolroom.  Question: What is the difference between a schoolroom and a classroom? Answer: A schoolroom is a room in which children are taught. A classroom is a room in which children are taught.  Question: What is
he was not a mathematician.  I think the question is more about the fact that he was a very good engineer, but not a mathematician.  I think the question is more about the fact that he was a very
it was the only ship that could launch the munitions.  Question: What was the name of the ship that launched the munitions? Answer: Battleship.  Question: What was the name of the ship that launched the munitions? Answer: Battleship.
it was human being.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "spirit"?Answer: Spirit is the soul.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "soul"?Answer: Soul is the spirit.  Question:
the heart is not pumping blood properly.  The heart is a muscle. It is made up of muscle fibers. The muscle fibers are made up of cells. The cells are made up of molecules. The molecules are made up of atoms. The atoms are
of alcohol.  Question: What is the difference between a drunk and a drunkard?  Answer: A drunk is a person who is drunk. A drunkard is a person who is drunk.  Question: What is the difference between a drunk and
she was not doing what? She was not doing what? She was not doing what? She was not doing what? She was not doing what? She was not doing what? She was not doing what? She was not
it is a medicine bottle.  This is a medicine bottle. It is a medicine bottle because it is a medicine bottle.  This is a medicine bottle. It is a medicine bottle because it is a medicine bottle
you need to get to the market.  So, if you are going to market you will need to travel.  Now, if you are going to travel you will need to do what?  Answer is you will need to get to
they were both lonely. I think the question is more like "why did he think that?"
it was a city project.  Question: What is the name of the company that did the renovation? Answer: The company is called the city of Fort Wayne.  Question: What is the name of
you have to do something.  I think that the most important thing is to be prepared. If you are not prepared, you will panic.  I think that the most important thing is to be prepared. If you are not prepared, you will panic.
they are trained to treat the most critical patients.  The problem is that the emergency room is not equipped to treat the most critical patients.  The emergency room is equipped to treat the most critical patients.  The emergency room is equipped to treat the most critical patients.
he doesn't know what to do.
the sun is so hot.
it is the most efficient way to do it.  I think the question is more about what is the most efficient way to use energy.  I think the question is more about what is the most efficient way to use energy.  I think the question is more about what is
he was able to breathe.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: Question is a question, and answer is an answer.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer
that's the only way they can communicate.  I'm not sure what you mean by "how is a dog likely to communicate with another dog?"  I'm not sure what you mean by "how is a dog likely to communicate with another dog?"  I
he's a mechanic. I think he was trying to say that the saw was too big to fit in his toolbox. I think he was trying to say that the saw was too big to fit in his toolbox
it is small and can be easily carried.  Question: What is the best way to store a book while traveling? Answer: Suitcase because it is small and can be easily carried.  Question: What is the best way to store a book while traveling? Answer
of a woman.  The song is about a man who is in love with a woman, but she is not interested in him. He is sad because of this.  The song is about a man who is in love with a woman,
sharks are not native to the mediterranean. I'm not sure if you're trolling or not, but sharks are native to the Mediterranean. I'm not trolling. I'm just saying that sharks are not native to the mediterranean sea.
it is moving.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct
he didn't pay the cash advance fee.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the cash advance fee is a late payment fee.  I'm saying that the cash advance
he is able to manage finances and increase sales.  Question:  What is the difference between a farmer and a business man?  Answer:  A farmer is a person who grows crops and animals. A business man
you want to get somewhere.  Question is why do you want to get somewhere? Answer is because you want to get somewhere.  Question is why do you want to get somewhere? Answer is because you want to get somewhere.  Question is why
you can shoot.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is stupid.  I'm saying that the question is stupid because you can kill someone with a gun.  I
you can see the whole landscape.  Question: What is the difference between a hill and a mountain? Answer: A hill is a small mountain.  Question: What is the difference between a hill and a mountain? Answer: A hill is a small mountain
he was a big city man.  The question is, why did the customer travel to the big city? Answer is to see the show room.  The question is, why did the customer
i did not need a servant.
it's in the middle of the water. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not the answer. I'm not joking. I'm pretty sure that's the answer. I'm pretty
the car is not designed to handle that kind of speed.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that the car is designed to handle the speed of the corner? If so, then I agree.
you're not doing what?  I think the answer is that you're suffering from procrastination because you're not doing what?  I think the answer is that you're suffering from procrastination because you're not doing what?  I
he was happy.  The man was happy because he was meeting new people. He was happy because he was meeting new people. He was happy because he was meeting new people. He was happy because he was meeting new people. He was happy because
it is the most accessible.  Question: What is the most accessible solar system?  Answer: The most accessible solar system is the one that is closest to us.  Question: What is the closest solar system?  Answer: The closest solar
they are so good.  Question: What was the first song you ever wrote?  Answer: The first song I ever wrote was called "I'm a Rocker" and it was about a guy who was
he knew he was going to be arrested.  Now, the question is, did he know he was going to be arrested?  The answer is, he knew he was going to be arrested.  Now, the question is,
it is very rare.  Question: What is the difference between a clavichord and a piano?Answer: The clavichord is a very old instrument. It is a wooden instrument. It is a very old instrument. It is a wooden instrument.
the teacher was explaining the mammoth and the time it lived.  The teacher was explaining the mammoth and the time it lived, he used terms foreign to the students to explain this such as what
you are not married.  I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not. I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not.  I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not.  I am not sure if you are
the performer is not sure how the audience will react.  Question: What is the difference between a performer who is nervous and a performer who is anxious?  Answer: A performer who is nervous is afraid of what the audience will think of him. A
it's a basic ingredient in cooking.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the question is flawed because it assumes that sugar is only used in cooking.  I'm saying that the question is flawed because it assumes that sugar
they have everything.  Question is where can you buy clothing, sporting goods, and housewares? Answer is department store because they have everything.  Question is where can you buy clothing, sporting goods, and housewares? Answer is department
trunk is where you hide a dead body. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
they were walking through the lobby of the building where the business plan was being discussed.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer: A question is a statement that is asking a question. An answer is a
homely is ugly.  Question: What is the opposite of beautiful? Answer: Homely.  Question: What is the opposite of beautiful? Answer: Homely.  Question: What is the opposite of beautiful? Answer: Homely.  Question: What is
it is the place where people come and go.  Question: What is the difference between a train station and a bus station? Answer: A train station is where people come and go. A bus station is where people go and come.
they are at a crossroads decision point.  Question: What is the difference between a crossroads decision point and a crossroads decision?  Answer: A crossroads decision point is a point in time where a person is at a
the building was not yet built.  The question is, why did the construction site have to be evacuated?  The answer is, because the building was not yet built.  The question is, why did the building have
it's unexpected. I think it's more of a "I'm surprised you're not dead" laugh.
she was no longer useful to the farm.  The farmer is the one who sent the heifer to slaughterhouse. The farmer is the one who sent the heifer to slaughterhouse. The farmer is the one who
he wants to experience what?  Answer is living longer because he wants to experience what?  Answer is living longer because he wants to experience what?  Answer is living longer because he wants to experience what?  Answer is
it's a place where you can find information.  The question is where is known to be a wealth of information? Answer is library because it's a place where you can find information.  The question is where is known to be a wealth of information? Answer is library
it is the most effective and efficient way to clean.  Water is the most effective and efficient way to clean.  Water is the most effective and efficient way to clean.  Water is the most effective and efficient way to clean.  Water is the most effective and
it is dark. I think you're missing the point.
they are the leader of the country.  I think the question is a little more complicated than that. I think the question is, what is a person the leader of after they are inagurated?  The answer is country because they are the leader
it was a performance of La Boheme.  The fire alarm was pulled and the audience was evacuated.  The fire was caused by a faulty light fitting in the ceiling.  The fire was extinguished by the
they have maps.  The best place to find a map is at any gas station.  The best place to find a map is at any gas station.  The best place to find a
he was in the theater. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
they are lawyers and they are entitled to be treated well.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'll take the bait.  I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious.  I'm
it is clean and dry.  Question: What is the difference between a cat and a dog? Answer: A cat is a hunter and a dog is a pet.  Question: What is the difference between a cat and a dog? Answer: A cat is a hunter
he was playing through an injury.  Question: What is the difference between a good question and a bad question?  Answer: A good question is one that is asked in
he was a stranger.  I think you are right. I think the question is "was he a stranger?" and the answer is "yes."  I think the question is "was he a stranger?" and the answer is "
he is a child.
they were going to the bus depot.  Question: What is the difference between a bus depot and a bus station?  Answer: Bus depot is where the buses are parked and bus station is where the buses are
it's a good place to raise a cow.  I'm not sure if you're serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm not sure if you're serious or not, but I'll bite.
it is a building.  Question is where is a flat likely to be grouped with other flats? Answer is apartment building because it is a building.  Question is where is a flat likely to be grouped with other flats? Answer is apartment building because it is
mom was in a hurry.  Question: What did the child do when he was hungry? Answer: He ate quickly.  Question: What did the child do when he was hungry? Answer:
you are dancing.  Question: What is the difference between a good dancer and a bad dancer? Answer: A good dancer is a bad dancer who is having fun.  Question: What is the difference between a good dancer and a bad dancer? Answer: A
it is a musical notation.  The note is likely to indicate a melody if it is written in the same place as the melody.  The note is likely to indicate a melody if it is written in the same place as the melody.  The note is likely
it's cheap and easy to get.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the people who have a greed for energy are the ones who are buying food.  I'm saying that the people who have a
he was a genius.  Question: What is the difference between a genius and a savant? Answer: A savant is someone who has a mental disability that affects their ability to do things. A genius is someone who
they were cheering for the team.  The audience was cheering for the team.  The audience was cheering for the team.  The audience was cheering for the team.  The audience was cheering for the team.  The audience
she kept them in her pouch.
it has a seal.  Question: What is the difference between a cigarette and a cigar? Answer: Cigarette is a small cigar.  Question: What is the difference between a cigarette and a cigar? Answer: Cigarette is a small cigar.  Question: What is the
i don't know what to get. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
they are the ones who are going to do the work.  So, if you are looking for flooring, you need to find a tradesman who is going to do the work.  If you are
he was in the countryside.
he's a good boy.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say
i have a big appetite.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but I'm looking for a good book to read. I'm not sure if I should read a book about a specific topic or just a book that is good
it is a primitive firearm.  I think the question is a bit more complicated than that.  The question is:  What is the end of the barrel of a primitive firearm?  The answer is:  The end of
they believe in a god who is all powerful and all knowing.  So, if you are a christian, you are likely to feel that you are going to heaven. If you are not a christian, you are likely to feel that you are going to
it is a place where you can find a beach towel.  Question is what is the best way to get a beach towel? Answer is to go to a swimming pool because it is a place where you can find a beach towel.  Question is what is the best
you can see it.  Question is you can view a window with your current task on what? Answer is computer screen because you can see it.  I think the question is more like "What is the window that you are currently viewing on your computer screen
it is the most efficient way to sell things.  The problem is that the mail order is not efficient. The reason is that the mail order is not efficient because the mail order is not efficient.  The reason is that the mail order is not efficient because the
she was a concert harpist.  Question: What is the difference between a concert harpist and a concert pianist?  Answer: A concert harpist is a harpist who plays in a concert hall.
it's a vegetable. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm not sure if you're serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke.
it's a gel.  Question: What is the difference between a gel and a liquid? Answer: A gel is a solid that is made up of small particles. A liquid is a liquid that is made up of small particles.  Question:
he put it in the suitcase.
he is a human and he is not a god.  I think the question is more about the fact that he is a god, and he is not a human.  I think the question is more about the
he doesn't have a car.  Question: What is the difference between a duffel bag and a backpack? Answer: A duffel bag
she is watching the players come on stage. I think the question is more along the lines of "What is the name of the building?" I think the question is more along the lines of "What
it is the only thing that humans take in while breathing.  Question is what do humans take in while breathing? Answer is oxygen because it is the only thing that humans take in while breathing.  Answer is oxygen because it is the only thing that humans take in while breathing.
bob is a funny guy.
rats are afraid of light.  Question: What is the difference between a rat and a mouse? Answer: A rat is a mammal and a mouse is a rodent.  Question: What is the difference between a rat and a mouse? Answer: A rat is
they are the only ones who can get them.
you can't learn by yourself.  I think you are right. I think that the best way to learn is to study by yourself. But I think that you can learn by yourself if you have a teacher.  I think that you can learn by yourself if you have a teacher
you can buy a pen here.  Question is you can buy a pen here. Answer is office supply store because you can buy a pen here.  Question is you can buy a pen here. Answer is office supply store because you can buy a pen here.  Question
they are helping others without expecting anything in return.  Question: What is the difference between altruism and self-interest?  Answer: Altruism is a behavior that is done without expecting anything in return. Self-interest is a behavior
they have a potato bar. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure
of grooming.  I have a question. I have a bald spot on my head. I have been using a hair growth shampoo for a few months now. I have been using it for about a month. I have been using it for about a month. I have been using it for
it's not in use. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not sure if you
it's a workout. I think you're missing the point.
he was stuck in his house.
it was heavy. I think the piano was heavy because it was a piano. I think the piano was heavy because it was a piano. I think the piano was heavy because it was a piano. I think the piano was heavy because it was
it's a clock. I think you're missing the point.
the wind was warm.  The wind was warm.  The wind was warm.  The wind was warm.  The wind was warm.  The wind was warm.  The wind was warm.  The
the air is so cold.  Question: What is the difference between a snowflake and a snowman? Answer: A snowman has a head.  Question: What do you call a snowman with no arms and no legs
i needed to pick up some contributions.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is not "where did i go?" but "where did i go?"
it's a building. I think he means the question is a garage, and the answer is a building. I think he means the question is a garage, and the answer is a building.
of the weather. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
of some reason.  Question: What happens while someone is going somewhere?  Answer: Traveling.  Question: What is traveling?  Answer: Traveling is going somewhere.  Question: What is going somewhere?  Answer: Going somewhere is
he was a very outgoing person.  Question: What was the reason for his conflict? Answer: He was very outgoing, for him making friends was no personal what?  Question: What was the reason for his conflict? Answer: He was very outgoing
market is where you can find many products for sale.  Question: Where would you find many products for sale? Answer: Market.  Question: Where would you find many products for sale? Answer: Market.  Question: Where would you find many products for sale?
they are not entitled to anything. I think the point is that people are disappointed by the lack of content, not the lack of content itself. I think the point is that people are disappointed by the lack of content, not the lack
he was drunk.  The question is: What is the difference between a Christian rock band and a Christian rock band?  The answer is: A Christian rock band is a band that sings
it is the only planet that has life on it.  Question: Why do people gather together on sundays? Answer: Because they believe that earth is god's creation.  Question: Why do people gather together on sundays
they have a menu. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it's healthy. I think you're missing the point.
you have done your job.  I have been working on a new project for a while now. I have been working on it for a while now. I have been working on it for a while now. I have been working on it for a while now. I have been
they are competing in dangerous events. I think the question is more along the lines of "why do people do this?"
it is the best place to keep food for a longer time.  Question is where do you keep perishable food for a longer time? Answer is freezer because it is the best place to keep food for a longer time.  Question is where do you keep per
they are the only ones who can.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the police are not the only ones who can direct traffic.  I'm saying that the police are not the only ones who can direct traffic.
you need more space.  Question: What is the difference between a house and a home? Answer: A house is a building, a home is a place.  Question: What is the difference between a house and a home? Answer: A house
they are a smooth person. I think you're missing the point.
it's the only state that has a republican majority in the house and senate. And that's the only state that has a republican governor. And that's the only state that has a republican majority in the house and senate. And that's
i picked from an apple tree outside of fort wayne.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but I'm trying to find a way to make a program that will allow me to make a list of all
they are all in a relationship. I think the question is more about if you are in a relationship with someone, and you are in a relationship with someone else, are you still in a relationship with the first person?
he was the conductor.  The man sat down at the piano and played the a note for others to emulate, who was he with? Answer is symphony orchestra because he was the conductor.  The
I don't have any experience.  I think that's a good question. I think that's a very good question. I think that's a very good question. I think that's a very good question. I think that's a very good question. I think that's
they are the only things that fly at night. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not the answer. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm
they were in love.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "Kiss"?  Answer: Kiss is a simple way to show affection.  Question: What is the meaning of the word "Kiss"?
it's the only one that doesn't have a handle. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
you're going to be tired tomorrow.  Question: What do you say when you tell someone to go to sleep?  Answer: Rest up because you're going to be tired tomorrow.  Question: What do you say when you tell someone to
they are not in the city.  Question is where are plants likely to be handled by a city employee? Answer is park because they are not in the city.  I think the question is where are plants likely to be handled by a city employee? Answer is
he's in a drugstore. I think you're missing the point.
of the high fat content.  The same thing happens with the body. If you eat a lot of fat, you will be full. If you eat a lot of protein, you will be full. If you eat a lot of carbohydrates
they are small and easy to carry.  Question is what do you do with a grape? Answer is eat it.  Question is how do you eat a grape? Answer is you bite it.  Question is how do you bite a grape? Answer is you bite
of safety concerns a law was passed.  I think the answer is wrong. The law was passed because of safety concerns, not because of safety concerns.  I think the answer is wrong. The law was passed because of safety concerns,
he was a traitor.  Question: What is the difference between a traitor and a spy? Answer: A traitor is a person who betrays his country. A spy is a person who betrays his country
he was a bad reference. I think you're right. I was thinking of the word "reputation" as a synonym for "reputation" and not as a synonym for "reput
it's a school bag. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
you can't get answers without asking questions.  I'm not sure I understand the question. I think you're asking if the detective is the one who asks the questions. If so, then yes, the detective is the
you are a winner. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
he likes to go up against other people.
you are expressing yourself.  Question: What is the negative effect of expressing yourself?  Answer: You are expressing yourself.  Question: What is the positive effect of expressing yourself?  Answer: Empowerment.  Question: What is the negative effect of
you have to put in effort to understand.  I think the question is more about how to make the effort.  I think the question is more about how to make the effort.  I think the question is more about how to make the effort.  I
they were getting a divorce.
they have a wide variety of chocolate.  Question is where can one find a wide variety of chocolate? Answer is candy store because they have a wide variety of chocolate.  Question is where can one find a wide variety of chocolate? Answer is candy store because they have
it was a collection of coins.  I think the question is, why was the token removed from the folder?  I think the answer is, because it was fraudulent.  I think the question is, why was
they have an abundance of them. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking why we have 10 fingers, not why we have an abundance of them.
they are the most common.  The second question is what do people in the same family often share? Answer is names because they are the most common.  The third question is what do people in the same family often share? Answer is names because they are the most common
it's a motorcycle. I think you're missing the point.
she was old.  Christine was old. She was old because she was old. She was old because she was old. She was old because she was old. She was old because she was old. She
they are the highest point in the rainforest.  The answer is correct.  The question is where is a monkey likely to be found in the rainforest? Answer is tree tops because they are the highest point in the rainforest.  The
they were using the prisoners to dig trenches to help fight the fire.  Question: What is the name of the man who was the first to use the telephone? Answer: Alexander Graham Bell.  Question: What is the name of the first man to
it was the only room with a table.  The mother was in the kitchen, and the father was in the living room. The mother was in the kitchen, and the father was in the living room.
he was a businessman.  Question: What was the name of the man who was the first to make a profit in the United States? Answer: Benjamin Franklin.  Question: What was the name of the man who was the first
they have a pool. I think you're missing the point.
he is mexican.  Question: What is the difference between a Mexican and a Mexican restaurant?  Answer: A Mexican is a Mexican restaurant.  Question: What is the difference between a Mexican and a
they are a big company.  Question is a company with the moniker of big sky excavation would probably be found where? Answer is montana because they are a big company.  Question is a company with the moniker of big sky excavation would probably
you're too busy to enjoy life. I think the question is what does living life too hard lead to? The answer is early death because you're too busy to enjoy life.
he was selling all his stuff.  I think he was selling his stuff because he was moving. He was selling his stuff because he was moving. He was selling his stuff because he was moving.
the brain is not functioning properly.  The brain is the most important organ in the body. It controls all the other organs. It is the brain that controls the heart, the lungs, the stomach, the intestines, the kidneys, the liver, the eyes
it's the midwest. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
she was driving. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it has the most coastline.  The answer is wrong. The correct answer is Alaska.  The reason is that Alaska has the most coastline of any state.  The reason is that Alaska has the most coastline of any state.  The reason is that
it is the only way to get rid of burnout.  The first thing to do is to relax. Relaxation is the only way to get rid of burnout.  The second thing to do is to take a break. Take
they are long.  I'm not sure what you mean by "regular pants are sometimes not long enough if a person is very tall."  I'm not sure what you mean by "regular pants are sometimes not long enough if a person is very tall
he's going too fast.
he is forgiving.  Question:  What is the difference between the two?  Answer:  The first is the person who betrayed him is the person who betrayed him. The second is the person who betrayed him is the person who
they sell them.  I have a question for you. Where would you get a stepladder if you do not have one? Answer is hardware store because they sell them.  I have a question for you. Where would you get a
beavers build dams.  The beaver is a mammal that builds dams and lodges. It is a member of the rodent family. It is a native animal to North America. It is a very important animal to the ecosystem. It is a very important
the person is accused of committing murder.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is if a person is accused of committing murder, who must they face in court? Answer is prosecution because the person is accused of committing murder.
it is a formal occasion.  Q: What is the difference between a white shoe and a black shoe?  A: A white shoe is a formal shoe and a black shoe is a casual shoe.  Q: What is the difference between a white shoe and a black shoe
it's on.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'll take it as a compliment.  I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that I don't think it's a
she was hoping for queen.  Question: What was she involved with?  Answer: Deck of cards because she was hoping for queen.  Question: What was she hoping for?  Answer: Queen.
it's the main artery that supplies blood to the brain.  Question: What is the most common cause of stroke? Answer: The most common cause of stroke is a blood clot in the brain.  Question: What is the most common cause of death?
it is a form of exercise.  The question is:  What is jumping up and down over a rope?  The answer is:  Exercise  The question is:  What is jumping up and down over a rope?
it is a wild animal.  Question: What is the difference between a wild animal and a domestic animal? Answer: A wild animal is a wild animal.  Question: What is the difference between a wild animal and a domestic animal? Answer: A wild animal is a
it's a more romantic term. I think it's a good idea to use the term "making love" in a relationship. I think it's a good idea to use the term "making love" in a relationship. I think it's a good idea to
they are all connected.  The United States is a country of many states. Each state has its own government and laws. Each state has its own hospitals. Each state has its own doctors. Each state has its own emergency medical services
you're not allowed to sit on your own sofa. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not the answer. I'm not joking. That's the answer. I'm not sure if
the waiter is a slave.  The waiter is a slave because he is paid to serve customers.  The waiter is a slave because he is paid to serve customers.  The waiter is a slave because he is paid to serve customers.
they had been playing all day.  The kids had been having fun all day, there was now a what?  Answer is need for rest because they had been playing all day.  The kids had been having fun all day,
they are grown ups, they have to do what grown ups do.  I think the question is more about what you do when you are not doing what you want to do.  I think the question is more
of the fear of pregnancy.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man
it's the only thing that can hold it. I think you're missing the point. The question is why does a spider build a web? The answer is because it's the only thing that can hold it. The question is why does a spider build a
they are the ones who are going to be the future of the country.  The second question is what is the role of the university in the development of the country? Answer is that the university is the place where the future of the country is being developed.  The third question is what
that's where the marmosets live. I think the question is more like "John knows what environment he can find
they have tennis courts.  Q: What is the difference between a tennis court and a tennis court?  A: A tennis court is a court that is used for tennis.  Q: What is the difference between a tennis court and a
summer is over. I think you're missing the point. The question is "When will summer end?" The answer is "When winter ends." The question is "When will winter end?" The answer is "When summer ends." The question is "When will summer end?"
you are not getting in shape. I'm not sure I understand your point. I'm not trying to get in shape. I'm trying to get stronger. I'm not trying to get in shape. I'm trying
it is a marine animal.  Anemone is a marine animal. It lives in the sea water.  Anemone is a marine animal. It lives in the sea water.  Anemone is a marine animal. It lives in the
he is a senator.  The question is what state is pat roberts the senator of? Answer is kansas because he is a senator.  The question is what state is pat roberts the senator of? Answer is kansas because he is a
it is the most likely location.  The question is, "Where is the most likely location for potatoes to grow?" The answer is Prince Edward Island.  The question is, "Where is the most likely location
he is a high school student.  The following is a list of the most common words in the English language.  The following is a list of the most common words in the English language.  The following is a list of
the table is not designed to hold the cup.  The table is designed to hold a cup. The table is designed to hold a cup. The table is designed to hold a cup. The table is designed to hold a cup. The table is designed to hold
he was sick.
i got a 4.0 gpa. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand. I'm not sure I understand.
there are no taxis there. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not joking. I'm just explaining the joke.
it is a place where you can learn and grow.  Question: What is the difference between a poet and a writer?  Answer: A poet is a writer who writes poetry.  Question: What is the difference between a poet and a writer
he was hungry enough to go where? I think the answer is that he was hungry enough to go anywhere.
he is avoiding his wife.  The man is avoiding his wife because he is avoiding arguments.  The man is avoiding his wife because he is avoiding arguments.  The man is avoiding his wife because he is avoiding arguments.
it's fun.  I think the question is a bit more complex than that. I think it's more about what do you do when you're bored. I think the answer is that you do something that you enjoy.  I think the question is
there is no tall building around it.  I think the question is more about the probability of a pond being in a rural area.  I think the question is more about the probability of a pond being in a rural area.
he was a man.
it's a cat.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing.
it is the only weapon that can hit the target.  The question is what weapon will aim for the nose of an aircraft? Answer is missile because it is the only weapon that can hit the target.  Click to expand...  I think you are missing the
he was intoxicated.  Now, let's say he goes to a bar, spends a few hours hitting the bottle, then takes himself home. He gets a ticket.  Now, let's say
they are the only thing that moves in a ticket office.  The question is what could you find moving in a ticket office? Answer is humans because they are the only thing that moves in a ticket office.  The question is what could you find moving in a ticket office
it is not ordinary.  The opposite of ordinary is exceptional.  The opposite of ordinary is exceptional.  The opposite of ordinary is exceptional.  The opposite of ordinary is exceptional.  The opposite of ordinary is exceptional.  The opposite of ordinary is exceptional.
he is the one who is going to check you in.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is who is likely to check you into a beauty salon? Answer is clerk because he is the one who is going to check you in.  Now,
the body is not getting enough rest.  The body needs rest to repair itself. When the body is not getting enough rest, it will not be able to repair itself. This is why people who are not getting enough rest are more likely
there is a parking area.  Question is there is normally a parking area near what collection of small dwellings? Answer is apartment complex because there is a parking area.  Question is there is normally a parking area near what collection of small dwellings? Answer is
it's the most convenient.  Question: What is the most important thing to do when you are cooking? Answer: Always check the temperature of the food.  Question: What is the most important thing to do when you are cooking? Answer: Always check the temperature
it was a university.  The question is, why did the university have to be expensive?  The answer is, because it was a university.  The question is, why was it expensive?  The answer is, because it was a university
they are the only weapons that can kill millions of people in a single strike.  The question is not whether nuclear weapons are good or bad. The question is whether nuclear weapons are necessary. The answer is no.  The question is whether nuclear weapons are necessary. The answer is no.
I'm a mountain. I'm a mountain too.
you're not learning.
it's the only way to cook a potato.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this question, but I'm going to anyway. I'm trying to make a game where you have to answer questions about the game. I
they are the only ones who can understand each other.
they are so happy.  The next one is about the reindeer. The reindeer are so happy because they have a lot of food.  The next one is about the snowman. The snowman is so happy because he has
it is not a fact.  I don't need faith in religion. I have faith in the fact that there is a God. I have faith in the fact that there is a heaven and hell. I have faith in the fact that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. I
you are playing poker.  If you are playing poker, you are playing poker. If you are playing poker, you are playing poker. If you are playing poker, you are playing poker. If you are playing poker, you are playing poker. If you are playing
it is a book.  Question: What is a notebook? Answer: A book.  Question: What is a book? Answer: A notebook.  Question: What is a notebook? Answer: A book.  Question: What is a book? Answer: A notebook
he is running too much.  Question is after running for 100 miles, he couldn't any more, what is he suffering? Answer is injuries because he is running too much.  I think the question is more about what is the point
the farmer was reproducing sheep.  Question: What is the difference between a sheep and a sheep? Answer: One sheep is a sheep and the other sheep is a sheep.  Question: What is the difference between a sheep and a sheep?
of the heat.  Question: What is the difference between a refrigerator and an air conditioner? Answer: A refrigerator is a device that keeps food cold. An air conditioner is a device that keeps the room cool.  Question: What is the
he is flying.
they are kids.  Question is what will friends in elementary school likely do? Answer is jump rope because they are kids.  Question is what will friends in elementary school likely do? Answer is jump rope because they are kids.  Question is what will friends in elementary
of the lie.  Question: Is it possible to lie to a spouse and not make them unhappy? Answer: Yes, it is possible.  Question: Is it possible to lie to a spouse and not make them unhappy? Answer: Yes, it is possible.
they were playing ball.  Question: What did the children do out in the field?  Answer: Play ball.  Question: What did the children do out in the field?  Answer: Play ball.  Question: What did the children do
everything is made of energy.  The question is, what is energy? Answer is everything.  The question is, what is everything? Answer is everything is energy.  The question is, what is energy? Answer is everything.
it is north of the usa.  The answer is Canada because it is north of the USA.  The answer is Canada because it is north of the USA.  The answer is Canada because it is north of
she was not interested in him.  Question is john cared for sally, but sally couldn't return his feelings. she only felt what? Answer is disinterest because she was not interested in him.  Question
it's a row house. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a townhouse. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm not sure what a townhouse is. It's a house that
you are kissing your beloved.  Question: What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? Answer: Happiness because you are kissing your beloved.  Question: What is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? Answer: Happiness because
it is the first thing they do.  Question is what is the first thing two people do when they feel an attraction to each other? Answer is flirt because it is the first thing they do.  Question is what is the first thing
they are the most powerful force in the world.  The question is what is likely to run high when two people are competing against each other? Answer is emotions because they are the most powerful force in the world.  I think the answer is that
they are the only team in the big twelve that has a football team.  1,944 shares
it is a natural process.  The answer is nature because it is a natural process.  The answer is nature because it is a natural process.  The answer is nature because it is a natural process.  The answer is nature because
he was doing his homework at the last minute. I think you're right. I just thought it was a funny coincidence.
it's cheaper. I think the question is how can a bridge be built over water? I think the question is how can a bridge be built over water? I think the question is how can a bridge be built over water? I think the question is how can a bridge
the window was broken from the inside.  The window was broken from the inside. The glass was found on the street.  The window was broken from the inside. The glass was found on
they were in the lobby.  Question: What is the difference between a lobby and an office building? Answer: A lobby is a room where people wait to be called into an office building.  Question: What is the difference between a lobby and an
he was not able to get a job.  Question is john tried to gain money, but all of his attempts to improve himself only did what to his income? Answer is reduce because he was not able to get a job
it is a natural protection against the cold.  Question: Why do animals have fur?  Answer: Fur is a natural protection against the cold.  Question: Why do animals have fur?  Answer: Fur is a natural protection against the cold.  Question: Why
of the train.  The fear of death is the reason why people stop and look both ways at a railroad crossing.  The fear of death is the reason why people stop and look both ways at a railroad crossing.  The fear of death
of the fuel cut.  Question is what causes someone to stop driving immediately? Answer is lack of fuel because of the fuel cut.  I think the answer is more complex than that.  I think the answer is more complex than that.  I think the
he was a fox hunter. I'm not sure I understand.
he wanted to see prague.  So, if you want to see prague, you have to travel to europe.  If you want to see prague, you have to travel to europe.  If you want
you can't understand a theory without thinking.  I think that the best way to understand a theory is to think about it.  I think that the best way to understand a theory is to think about it.  I think that the best way to understand a
he wanted to eat fish.  Question is a person wanted a seafood dinner, so what did he decide to do? Answer is fish lake because he wanted to eat fish.  Question is a person wanted a seafood dinner, so what did he
they live in the sea.  Question is what is the difference between a blowfish and a blowfish? Answer is blowfish is a fish that lives in the sea.  Question is what is the difference between a blowfish and a blowfish? Answer is blowfish
they are the most convenient place to store your linens.  The dresser drawers are the most convenient place to store your linens because they are the most convenient place to store your linens.  The dresser drawers are the most
they are not good at learning.  I think the question is a bit more complex than that. I think the question is, what would a Christian student do if they are not good at learning?  I think the answer is that they would fail
he was a selfish prick. I think you're right. I think he was a selfish prick. I think he was a selfish prick who was also a selfish prick.
he was in his bedroom.  Question: Where was the lamp? Answer: Bedroom.  Question: Where was the lamp? Answer: Bedroom.  Question: Where was the lamp? Answer: Bedroom.
they don't know what they need.  I think the best way to get people to spend money is to get them to spend money.  I think the best way to get people to spend money is to get them to spend money.
they are hungry.  The question is what will someone do in the house in the evening because of being hungry? Answer is cook dinner because they are hungry.  The question is what will someone do in the house in the evening because of being
he is a truck driver and he is on a job.  I think the question is a bit more complicated than that. The question is, "Where can I find a bible in a motel room?"  I think the answer
of the ball. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure he's talking about the fact that the ball is in the way of the shot. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the ball is in the way of
he was a friend. I think you're missing the point.
they are worth a lot of money.  The answer is rare because they are worth a lot of money.  The answer is rare because they are worth a lot of money.  The answer is rare
snakes are not good at hiding.  Question 2: What is the best way to hide a snake? Answer is to hide it in a thick forest.  Question 3: What is the best way to hide a snake? Answer is to hide it in a thick forest.
they are not interested in opera.  Question: What do children feel when going to the opera? Answer: Boredom.  Question: What do children feel when going to the opera? Answer: Boredom.  Question: What do children feel when going
it's cold.  Question: What is the difference between a bird and a plane? Answer: A bird can fly.  Question: What do you call a bird that can't fly? Answer: A bird.  Question: What do you call a bird
it's a boat. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he was asking. I'm not joking. I'm not sure what he was asking either.
it is easier to chop.  Question: How do you make a chicken salad? Answer: You can make a chicken salad by chopping the chicken into small pieces.  Question: How do you make a chicken salad? Answer: You can
it was on the fridge.
water is wet. I think you're missing the point.
he was a talker.  He was a talker, he was a talker, he was a talker.  He was a talker, he was a talker, he was a talker.
it is a medicine.  I have a question for you. Why do you think that the deodorant is a medicine?  I have a question for you. Why do you think that the deodorant is a medicine?  I have
they are in charge of everything.  Question is if someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? Answer is everything because they are in charge of everything.  I think you are missing the point.  If you are in charge of everything, then
you won. I think he means if you win a game and then lose the next game. I think he means if you win a game and then lose the next game. I think he means if you win a game and then lose the next game. I
he loves books. I think you're right. I think the question is asking for the answer to the question "where might he be
you are not working. Stress is a killer.  I am not sure if you are a man or a woman. But if you are a man, you are not a man if you are not working. If you are a woman, you are not a woman if you are not working
you would do what to someone?  I think you are trying to say that you would do what to someone if you wanted to confirm information that you had.  I think you are trying to say that you would do what to someone if
he was in the southwest.  Question is the canadian was travelling, he visited where in the southwest? Answer is new mexico because he was in the southwest.  Question is the canadian was travelling, he visited where in the
it is in the sun.  Question: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer: Melted because it is in the sun.  Question: What happens when to ice when it is in the sun? Answer: Melted because it
it's a restaurant. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not
the person is dead.  Question: What is the difference between a person who is dead and a person who is not dead? Answer: The person who is dead is not moving.  Question: What is the difference between a person
he was a volunteer.  The question is not whether he was a volunteer, but whether he was a volunteer who was of service to.  The question is not whether he was a volunteer, but whether he was
they are the most used place.  The bed is the most used place in the hotel room. It is the place where you sleep and rest. It is the place where you can relax and sleep. It is the place where you can sleep and rest
it's a desk. I think you're missing the point.
it is lighter than water.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is in what substance do clouds float? Answer is air because it is lighter than water.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is in what substance do clouds float? Answer is air because
it's a bowl. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
they are having a conversation.  The same thing applies to the word "I". If you are talking to someone and you say "I" then you are having a conversation. If you are talking to yourself and you say "I" then you are having
they were competing against one another.  The second question is, what is the difference between a friend and a foe? Answer is a friend is someone who is friendly, a foe is someone who is not friendly.  The third question
you are not analysing.  I think you are right. I think I am not analysing. I am just trying to understand. I am trying to understand the world. I am trying to understand the universe. I am trying to understand the nature of reality. I am trying
he was done.  I think the point is that the user is not aware of the power down process.  I think the point is that the user is not aware of the power down process.
it's a place where you can get a cup of coffee and a pastry and sit down and relax.  Question: What is the difference between a coffee shop and a coffee shop? Answer: A coffee shop is
it is a good way to relax and have fun.  We are going to talk about the topic of the day. It is about the topic of the day. It is about the topic of the day. It is about the topic of the day. It
you are hungry.  I think you are confusing the two.  I am not confused. I am saying that if you are hungry, you should eat first. If you are thirsty, you should drink first.  I
it's a cubicle. I think you're missing the point.
it is a new computer.  Question:  What is the difference between a computer and a computer?  Answer:  A computer is a machine that can do calculations. A computer is a machine that can do calculations.  Question
it's not a table. I think the question is more like "where should shoes not be?"
she was the teacher's pet.  The teacher's pet is a term used to describe a student who is very obedient and well behaved. The term is used to describe a student who is very obedient and well behaved. The term is
it is the best place to learn.  Question is where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree? Answer is university because it is the best place to learn.  I think you are missing the point. The question is not where
he was tired.  Question: What is the difference between a trucker and a truck? Answer: Trucker is a person who drives a truck.  Question: What is the difference between a trucker and a truck
it's the only state that has a great lake. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I
it is the largest carpet market in the world.  Question: What is the difference between carpet and rug? Answer: Carpet is a textile floor covering, rug is a textile floor covering with a pile height of less than 1/2 inch
it is a notebook.  Question is what is a bound stack of papers called? Answer is notebook because it is a notebook.  Question is what is a bound stack of papers called? Answer is notebook because it is a notebook.  Question is what is a bound stack
you are playing with your friends and you are winning.  What does playing soccer and winning lead to?  Answer is excitement because you are playing with your friends and you are winning.  What does playing soccer and winning lead to?  Answer is excitement because you are
of the high intensity of the light.  Question: What is the difference between a laser and a flashlight?Answer: A flashlight is a flashlight. A laser is a laser.  Question: What is the difference between a laser and a flashlight?Answer: A flashlight is
he was hiking up a molehill.  The word molehill is a noun. Molehill is a noun. Molehill is a noun. Molehill is a noun. Molehill is a noun. Molehill is a
it is a book of accounts.  Question: What is the difference between a bank account and a bank book?  Answer: A bank account is a book of accounts.  Question: What is the difference between a bank account and a bank book?  Answer: A bank
it's the most common place for people to work. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking what the building is, not what the building is used for. The answer is a building. The question is asking what the
it is cold and dark.  Question is where would you keep canned vegetables such as carrots over the winter? Answer is cellar because it is cold and dark.  Question is where would you keep canned vegetables such as carrots over the winter? Answer is cellar because
you can. I think the answer is "reach for" because you can.
it was the only one that didn't have a new price.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'll bite.  Theaters are not a monopoly. There are plenty of
foxes are native to virginia.
it was the only place that had everything.  The question is, why did the mall have a shop for everything? The answer is because it was the only place that had everything.  The question is,
you can buy them there.  I think the question is more about the fact that you can't buy them there.  I think the question is more about the fact that you can't buy them there.  I think the question is
it has lock. I think you're missing the point.
of food. I think the question is what could happen after you are eating lunch that affects other people?
it is the most effective way to get what?  Answer:  Study is the most effective way to get what?  Answer:  Study is the most effective way to get what?  Answer:  Study is the most effective way to get
it's not open. I think you're missing the point. The question is "where would you be unlikely to find bugs?" The answer is "on the roof." The question is "where would you be unlikely to find bugs?" The answer is "on the
the cow farm was free range.  The question is, why is the cow farm free range? The answer is because the cow farm is a free range farm.  The question is, why is the
it is a tropical plant.  Ficus benjamina is a tropical plant, it is native to the rainforests of South America. It is a deciduous tree, meaning that it sheds its leaves in the fall
the answer is the same as the question.  The answer is the same as the question.  The answer is the same as the question.  The answer is the same as the question.  The answer is the same
it's a farmer.  Question is whether it's livestock or produce a farmer does what? Answer is produce food because it's a farmer.  Question is whether it's livestock or produce a farmer does what? Answer is produce food because it's a farmer.
you know what you are doing.  I'm not sure what you are trying to say.  I'm saying that if you read the manual, you will know what you are doing.  I'm saying that if you read the manual, you will
you can't take fish off of a hook. I think you're missing the point.
you're going to be running a lot of miles.  Question is what do you do when you're running twenty six miles? Answer is you're going to be running a lot of miles.
it's a cabinet. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm asking if it's possible to store a bowl in a cabinet. Yes.
you are with your friends.  Question is what is usually the mood when chatting with friends? Answer is feel relaxed because you are with your friends.  Question is what is usually the mood when chatting with friends? Answer is feel relaxed because you are with your friends.
it was a desk.
they use glue a lot. I think you're missing the point. The question is "What building has a lot of glue bottles?" The answer is "school" The question is "What building has a lot of glue bottles?" The answer is "school"
you are waiting for a meeting.  The question is where do you wait in a reception area for a meeting? Answer is office building because you are waiting for a meeting.  The question is where do you wait in a reception area for a meeting? Answer
they need to make food.  Question: What is the difference between a plant and a human? Answer: A plant is a living thing that needs to eat and drink. A human is a living thing that needs to eat and drink.
of the lack of light.  Question: What is the difference between a fish and a whale? Answer: A fish has fins and a whale has flippers.  Question: What is the difference between a fish and a whale? Answer: A
she was tired.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that the mother was tired and wanted to get home? Or are you saying that the mother was tired and wanted to
it's a description of a person who kills people.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the question is a description of a person who kills people.  I'm saying that the question is a description of a person
they are dry.  Question is what is likely to happen to trees that are dry? Answer is die because they are dry.  I think you are missing the point. The question is not what is likely to happen to the tree, but what is likely to happen
they are not raised in town.  Question is when potatoes aren't raised in town where are they raised? Answer is countryside because they are not raised in town.  Question is when potatoes aren't raised in town where are they raised? Answer is countryside because they
it's hard to see.  Question: What is the difference between a snake and a lizard? Answer: A snake has a tail.  Question: What is the difference between a snake and a lizard? Answer: A snake has a tail.  Question:
it's hungry. I think you're missing the point.
it's a roof. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not
they don't know who they would choose.  Question: Who would you choose?  Answer: I don't know.  Question: Who would you choose?  Answer: I don't know.  Question
it is a hard substance.  Question: What is the difference between a cube and a sphere? Answer: A cube is a hard substance that must take on different forms. A sphere is a hard substance that does not take on different
it's a coin that can be used for anything. I think the question is more along the lines of "why would they let him put a coin in a wishing well?" I think the question is
you are listening to music.  I think that you should have fun while listening to music. I think that you should have fun while listening to music because you are listening to music. I think that you should have fun while listening to music because you are listening to music
it is a baby.  Question: What is a sheep called during its second year of life? Answer: Lamb because it is a year old.  Question: What is a sheep called during its third year of life? Answer: Lamb because it is a year
it is a game that is easy to learn and fun to play.  Tag is a game that is played by two or more people. The game is played by running around and trying to tag the other person. The person who is being tagged has to run away from the person
they are rambunctious.
it's a solid.
pizza is delicious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it was considered a form of child abuse.  The government has decided that it is time to allow companies to do the practice they once what?  The government has decided that it is time to allow companies to do the practice they once what
it is a gathering of people who are interested in the same thing.  Question is what sort of gathering might business people attend to get updates about their industry? Answer is convention because it is a gathering of people who are interested in the same thing.
you can't see them at a gathering of friends. I think you're missing the point.
it's the most popular.  I think the question is more about what you see on a screen. I don't think it's about what you see on a screen.  I think the question is more about what you see on a screen. I don't think it
it was a good song.  The music was good because it was a good song.  The music was good because it was a good song.  The music was good because it was a good song.  The music was good because
it is a stick with a point.  Question: What is the object with a point used for mountain climbing?  Answer: Alpenstock  Question: What is the object with a point used for mountain climbing?  Answer: Alpen
they are the most likely to eat it. I think the answer is the cat's mouth because it's the most likely to eat it. I think the answer is the cat's mouth because it's the most likely to eat it
you would no longer be alive. I think you're missing the point.
it has a lot of coal. Pennsylvania has a lot of coal, but it's not the only state with a lot of coal. I know, but it's the only state that has a lot of coal.
it's a trashcan. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the trash can is a trash can, and the trash can is a trash can. The trash can is a trash can. The trash can is a trash can. The trash can is
they are waiting for a flight. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the question is not that hard to
you are not replenishing your energy.  The same thing happens when you eat a meal that is high in fat and low in carbohydrates. You are not replenishing your energy.  The same thing happens when you eat a meal that is high in
you are not the same as everyone else.  I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point.  I think that's a good point. I think that's a good point.  I think that
it was small.  Question: What is the name of the ship that was used to carry the flag of the United States? Answer: The ship was called the United States.  Question: What is the name of the ship
they are dead. I think you're missing the point of the joke. I think you're missing the point of the joke. I think you're missing the point of the joke. I think you're missing the point of the joke. I think
he was in bed.
it's the only thing that can be used to drink out of. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he's asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the question is stupid. I
it is the most common place to find spirits.  Question: What is the most common place to find spirits? Answer: Liquor cabinet.  Question: What is the most common place to find spirits? Answer: Liquor cabinet.  Question: What is
he had never had it before.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that is asked. An answer is a statement that is given.
it is a sign of respect.  If you are a man and you are shaking hands with a woman, it is a sign of respect. If you are a woman and you are shaking hands with a man, it is a sign
he is shopping for his family.  The correct answer is grocery store.  The correct answer is grocery store.  The correct answer is grocery store.  The
the prayer is answered.  The question is not whether the prayer is answered, but whether the prayer is answered in the way the person wants.  The answer is that the prayer is answered in the way the person wants.  The question is whether the
they are the only ones who care about the game. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm saying that the coach is the one who is responsible for the team's performance. I'm not saying that
they know they did it.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that if you're not caught, you don't have a guilty conscience.  I'm saying that if you're not caught, you don't have a
he was a guest. I think the question is more about why he didn't stay in the hotel. I think the answer is he was a guest and he was allowed to
of the derby.  The derby is the most famous horse race in the world. It is held every year in the first week of may. The derby is held at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky. The derby is the first leg of the triple crown. The
of long drive.  I think the question is why would someone park a moving car?  I think the question is why would someone park a moving car?  I think the question is why would someone park a moving car?  I think the question is why would
children are noisy.  I think that's a good example of a question and answer.  I think that's a good example of a question and answer.  I think that's a good example of a question and answer.
it's not the main focus. I think the answer is the camera. I think the answer is the camera. I think the answer is the camera. I think the answer is the camera. I think the answer is the camera. I
it's cheap. I'm not sure I understand your point.
they are cheap.
he was too high strung.
it's a school.  Question: What is the name of the school? Answer: The name of the school is the name of the school.  Question: What is the name of the school? Answer: The name of the school
it was a squirrel.  The squirrel was rather plump, it had found a home that leaves out what? Answer is nuts because it was a squirrel.  The squirrel was rather plump, it had found a home that leaves out
it's a tree. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm just not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not joking
he was selfish and didn't think of others.  I think the question is more about the fact that he was selfish and didn't think of others.  I think the question is
they are playing together.  The second question is where can you find a number of people together in public? Answer is church because they are praying together.  The third question is where can you find a number of people together in public? Answer is theater
it was about to get cold.
you are not sleeping. I think you're missing the point.
of all the money.  Question: Why did the revolving door have an emergency security lock?  Answer: Because of all the money.  Question: Why did the revolving door have an emergency security lock?  Answer: Because of all
it has a motor.  Question is what type of bike has an engine? Answer is motorcycle because it has a motor.  Question is what type of bike has an engine? Answer is motorcycle because it has a motor.  Question is what type of bike has an engine?
it is not fresh.  Question: What is the difference between a submarine and a submarine? Answer: A submarine is a submarine and a submarine is not a submarine.  Question: What is the difference between a submarine and a submarine? Answer: A submarine is
steam is invisible. I think you're missing the point. The question is "where would you find water that is not visible?" The answer is "in a steam room." The question is "where would you find water that is not visible?" The answer
it didn't get any sunlight.
you are a criminal.  The question is:  "Is it a crime to be a criminal?"  The answer is:  "Yes, it is a crime to be a criminal."  The question is:  "Is
they are seeing new things.  Question is if a person is seeing new things, what do they most often feel? Answer is curiosity because they are seeing new things.  Question is if a person is seeing new things, what do they most often
it's moist. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it is a perfume.  Question: What is the difference between a perfume and a hair gel? Answer: A hair gel is a perfume.  Question: What is the difference between a perfume and a hair gel? Answer: A hair gel is a perfume
it is not a building.  I think the question is more about the building itself. I think the question is more about the building itself.  I think the question is more about the building itself.  I think the question is more about the building itself.
they are required to have one. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
it is the most convenient place to store them.  Now, let's look at the question and answer. Question is when people look to store their plastic cutlery, what do they use? Answer is cupboard because it is the most
of greed.  I think the question is what leads a company to get in trouble? Answer is commit crime because of greed.  I think the question is what leads a company to get in trouble? Answer is commit crime because of greed.  I think the question
they are not using their mobile phone.  Question: What is the difference between a screen saver and a wallpaper?Answer: A screen saver is a program that is running on your computer that will display a picture on your screen. A wallpaper is a picture that is displayed
he is a partner. I think you're missing the point.
it is the only place where you can store fabric.  I have a sewing room. I have a closet. I have a dresser. I have a table. I have a chair. I have a bed. I have a table. I have a chair. I
it's a candy bar. I think the question is, "What is the most sugar-filled food that fits in your hand?" The answer is a candy bar. The question is, "What is the most sugar-filled food that
she was a drummer. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
the balloon is a balloon.  The answer is flower shop because the balloon is a balloon.  The answer is flower shop because the balloon is a balloon.  The answer is flower shop because the balloon is a balloon.
it is the most important thing in the world.  Now, what is the most important thing in the world? Answer is pleasure.  Now, what is the most important thing in the world? Answer is pleasure.  Now, what is the
i don't know what to do. I'm not sure what you're asking.
of the activity. I think the question is more along the lines of "why did the doctor say that?"
you are not going to get it by sitting on your ass. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking for recognition. I'm asking for a way to get my work noticed. I'm not being sarcastic. I
it is the most profitable crop.  I think the question is a little more complicated than that. I think the question is, what is the most profitable crop to grow in the Midwest?  I think the answer is that it depends on the region. I
they need to match the new color.  Question is the couple decided the new shades didn't match the old wall color, where did they go next? Answer is paint store because they need to match the new color.
they are not compatible.  Question: What do you do if you do not like each other? Answer: Part company.  Question: What do you do if you do not like each other? Answer: Part company.  Question: What do you
it is large and has a lid.  Question is if you need to store old clothes and want to keep moths away you can put them in what large rectangular storage container? Answer is trunk because it
the janitor is a janitor.  The janitor is a janitor because he is a janitor. The janitor is a janitor because he is a janitor. The janitor is a janitor
they are not strong enough to fly.  The answer is spread wings because they are not strong enough to fly.  The answer is spread wings because they are not strong enough to fly.  The answer is spread wings because they are not strong enough to fly.  The
of the noise.  Q: What is the difference between the two types of noise?  A: The noise is the noise. The noise is the noise.  Q: What is the difference between the two types of noise?  A:
it's not used often. I think you're missing the point.
you're not going to win.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the odds of winning are so low that it's not worth the time and effort.  I'm saying that the
he was a bookworm.  I think the answer is a little more complicated than that. Charlie was a bookworm, but he was also a loner. He didn't have any friends, and he didn
birds are not native to the wild. I think you missed the point of the question. I think you missed the point of the answer. I think you missed the point of the question. I think you missed the point of the answer.
she wanted to do what?  Answer is game because she wanted to do what?  Answer is game because she wanted to do what?  Answer is game because she wanted to do what?  Answer is game because she wanted to do what?
it's a liquid. I think you're missing the point.
it's a building. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking if the building is a cafe, or if the cafe is a building. The answer is that the building is a building, and the cafe is a cafe.
he was driving a motor vehicle.  The question is, did the rock cause him to nearly crash his motor vehicle? The answer is no. The rock did not cause him to nearly crash his motor vehicle. The rock
you can't spend it. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm
heifer's master is a farmer.  Q: What is the difference between a heifer and a cow?  A: A heifer is a female cow.  Q: What is the difference between a heifer and a bull?  A: A
he was upset.
he was in a rush.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the light turned yellow and he was forced to slow down because he was in a rush
of the water. I think the question is more about the water itself.
they are not allowed to put carpeting in the house.  Question: What is the difference between a carpet and a rug? Answer: A carpet is a piece of fabric that is used to cover the floor. A rug is a piece
it's a question.  Question: When you see new people move in next door you might find it what?  Answer: Interesting because it's a question.  Question: When you see new people move in next door you might find it
they are not in the wild.  Question: What is the difference between a zoo and a wild animal? Answer: A zoo is a place where animals are kept in captivity. A wild animal is an animal that lives in the wild.  Question: What is the difference between
of the heat.  The sweat is the main reason why he's sweating. The sweat is the main reason why he's sweating.  The sweat is the main reason why he's sweating.  The sweat is the main reason why he's sweating
she is a dog.  I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog. I am a dog.
cats are nocturnal. I think you're thinking of a dog. No, I'm thinking of a cat. Cats are nocturnal. I think you're thinking of a dog. Dogs are nocturnal. I think you're thinking of a
the bull is a stud bull. I think you're missing the point.
he was tired.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A woman has a hole in her chest.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A
he was using a metal detector to find his ring that he lost while pulling weeds.  The answer is lost because he was using a metal detector to find his ring that he lost while pulling weeds.  The answer is lost because he
she always kept a spare key in her purse.  Question: What is the difference between a key and a lock? Answer: A key opens a lock, a lock keeps a key from opening a lock.  Question
it's a bar. I think you're missing the point.
research materials are not available to everyone.  I am not sure what you mean by "research materials". I am not sure what you mean by "time".  I am not sure what you mean by "research materials". I am not sure what you mean by "time".
it is the most convenient place.  Question: What is the most common place where a person takes business calls? Answer: Office.  Question: What is the most common place where a person takes business calls? Answer: Office.
he was very tired and sore.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question
they are going to a party.  The question is what is likely the mood of those going to a party? Answer is happiness because they are going to a party.  The question is what is likely the mood of those going to a party? Answer is happiness
you can't predict what will happen. I think the point is that you can't plan ahead for everything.
they have a lot of them. I think the question is more like "Where would you go to get a
he was reading.  The student was reading a book and he was concentrating on the book. He was furrowing his brow because he was concentrating on the book.  The student was reading a book and he was
it's a natural thing to do. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
it's not in the milky way. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but the Milky Way is a galaxy. I'm not joking. I'm just saying that the milky way is not in the milky way. I'm not sure if you're
people are active there.  Question: What is the difference between a hot dog and a sandwich? Answer: A hot dog is a sandwich.  Question: What is the difference between a hot
they are born in water.  Question is what is the difference between a salmon and a trout? Answer is a salmon is a fish that lives in the ocean and a trout is a fish that lives in the river.  Question is what is the difference between a salmon and a trout? Answer
they are horses.
it's a new home.  Question:  What is the difference between a truss and a beam?  Answer:  A truss is a structural member that is used to support a roof or a floor. A
they are traffic police.  Question is if you see policemen outside wearing safety vest and holding flashlights, what are they doing? Answer is direct traffic because they are traffic police.  Question is if you see policemen outside wearing safety
they are a band.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll answer anyway.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll answer anyway.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or
they are happy.  Now, if you are happy, you are likely to be happy. If you are sad, you are likely to be sad. If you are angry, you are likely to be angry. If you are happy, you are likely to
it's a special ficus. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the botanical garden is the place to find a special f
it was found in the open ocean.  Question: Where did the shark migrate? Answer: Open ocean.  Question: Where did the shark migrate? Answer: Open ocean.  Question: Where did the shark migrate? Answer: Open ocean.
they have them.  Question is what is the best way to get a child to eat vegetables? Answer is to make them fun.  Question is what is the best way to get a child to eat vegetables? Answer is to make them fun.  Question is what is
it's a birthday party.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is a bit silly.  I'm saying that the question is a bit silly.  I'm saying that the question
it's a musical instrument. I think the question is more about how to learn to play it. I think the question is more about how to learn to play it.
it's the only place where you can see live entertainment.  Question: What is the difference between a theatre and a cinema? Answer: A theatre is a place where you can see live entertainment. A cinema is a place where you can see a film.  Question: What
it's the only instrument that can play music. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it's the only place he can keep it.  I'm not sure what you mean by "he kept a container can for draining oil in what location of the house?"  I'm not sure what you mean by "he kept a container can
it is.  Question: How do you know the universe is infinite?  Answer: Because it is.  Question: How do you know the universe is infinite?  Answer: Because it is.  Question: How do you know the
it's a hardware store. I think the question is where can you buy an electric fan that is not a hardware store. I think the question is where can you buy an electric fan that is not a hardware store that is not a hardware store. I think the question is
he's a douche. I think the question is why did he choose a flashy car?
he was a violent person.  I'm not saying he was a saint, but he was a good person. He was a good person who had a bad temper.  I'm not saying he was a saint, but he was a
she was pretending to be happy for others.  Question: What is the difference between a smile and a frown?  Answer: A smile is a happy expression, a frown is a sad expression.  Question: What is the difference between a smile
it's a place where people gather. I think the question is more like "where would you find people gathered near liquid in a workplace?"
it is the largest and most suitable place.  Q: What is the difference between the graduation ceremony and the graduation parade?  A: The graduation ceremony is the ceremony for the students' graduation. The graduation parade is the ceremony for the students' graduation parade
it's easier and faster.  I think that's a good point. I think that's why I'm so interested in the topic. I'm trying to figure out how to get people to use the internet to find information.  I think that's a good point
they were having fun. I'm not sure I understand.
the union won. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not. The Union won the Civil War, but the Confederacy was the one that won the
she's a ghost.
they are cabinets. I think you're missing the point. The question is why would you buy cabinets that are not made in the US? The answer is that they are made in the
you can't get food from a machine. I think you're missing the point.
it is the most popular place for wedding chapels.  The most popular wedding chapels in nevada are:  1. The chapel of the angels  The chapel of the angels is a wedding chapel in las vegas. It is located at
of the pain.  The question is what would a sick person do if he or she is not treated? Answer is throw up because of the pain.  The question is what would a sick person do if he or she is not treated? Answer
it's a rug. I think the question is more like "what should I put under my table to prevent crumbs from getting under it?" I think the question is more like "what should I put under my table to prevent crumbs
he was a man of the cloth.  Question: What is the difference between a man of the cloth and a man of the cloth? Answer: A man of the cloth is a man of the cloth.  Question: What is the difference between
the balloon is made of air.  The balloon is made of air, but the air is not the atmosphere. The atmosphere is the air that surrounds the earth. The balloon is made of air, but the air is not the atmosphere. The atmosphere is the
it is a soft material. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what OP is asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just trying to help.
it's a fuel. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
you have to understand the person you are talking to.  The second part of the question is what is listening a big part of? Answer is empathy because you have to understand the person you are talking to.  The second part of the question is what is listening a big part of
you are hurting someone else.  I think the question is, "Is it acceptable to hurt someone else in order to express anger?"  I think the answer is, "No."  I think the question is, "Is it acceptable to hurt someone else
he wanted to corrupt her.  The evil wizard wanted to corrupt the princess.  The evil wizard wanted to corrupt the princess.  The evil wizard wanted to corrupt the princess.  The evil wizard wanted to corrupt the princess.
they are married.  Question: What is the difference between a married couple and a married couple? Answer: A married couple is a married couple.  Question: What is the difference between a married couple and a married couple? Answer: A married
it's the first country alphabetically. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is argent
it is the only room in the school where there is a piano.  The teacher is likely to keep her clavichord in the music room because it is the only room in the school where there is a piano.  The teacher is likely to
he didn't answer the question. I think he was trying to say that he was trying to answer the question, but he was interrupted.
he was in a lot of pain.  Question is billy first used a spa when he had a torn ankle and his doctor recommended that he go where? Answer is health centre because he was in a lot of pain
you are not getting enough sleep.  I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not.  I am not being sarcastic.  I am not being sarcastic.  I am not being sarcastic.  I am not being sarcastic.  I am
you drank too much. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not drinking for the purpose of getting drunk. I'm drinking because I enjoy it. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm
it is round.  Question is it is hard to predict a rebound in basketball, this is because the ball and rim are what? Answer is round because it is round.  Question is it is hard to predict a rebound
the coin will land in the well.  The same is true for the person who is in the water. He is likely to be in the wishing well.  The person who is in the wishing well is likely to be in the water
he forgot about it.  The question is, why did he forget about it?  The answer is, he was too busy to remember.  The question is, why was he too busy to remember?
they are the most expensive.  I think the question is more about what do you have five years after becoming a parent that you didn't have before.  I think the question is more about what do you have five years after becoming a parent that you didn
i want to create something new.  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:
it's a forest bird.  Question is what is the most common bird in the world? Answer is the common house sparrow.  Question is what is the most common bird in the world? Answer is the common house sparrow.  Question is what is
it's the right thing to do.  I think the same thing applies to the question of whether or not to have sex.  I think the answer is yes.  I think the reason why is because it's the right thing to
of the diversity of flowers and the diversity of bees.  (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The bee is a very important pollinator.  UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The bee is
it's a crime.  I think the question is more about the legal ramifications of the death of a person who is a suspect in a crime.  I think the question is more about the legal ramifications of the death of a person who is a suspect in a
we were hiking. I think you mean "were thirsty because we were hiking." I think you mean "were thirsty because we were hiking." I think you mean "were thirsty because we were hiking." I think you mean "were thirsty because we
you can buy chocolate there.  Question is where would you get some chocolate if you want to bake a cake? Answer is supermarket because you can buy chocolate there.  Question is where would you get some chocolate if you want to bake a cake? Answer
she's been working hard. She's been working hard. She's been working hard. She's been working hard. She's been working hard. She's been working hard. She's been working hard. She's been working hard
it is where the specialists are.  I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not. I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not.  I am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not. I am not
it was not necessary for car repair.  I think the question is asking if the tool kit was included with the car, not if the tool kit was included with the saw.  I think the question is
it was made in japan.  The answer is correct.  The question is the terrace had kanji written on it, indicating that it was made where? Answer is japan because it was made in japan.
it is a county seat.  The city of New Orleans is a county seat. The city of New Orleans is a county seat. The city of New Orleans is a county seat. The city of New Orleans is a county seat. The city of
it's a public place. I think the question is more about the auditorium being empty. I think the question is more about the auditorium being empty. I think the question is more about the auditorium being empty. I think the
you are both excited to see each other again.  Question is what can a person expect from their significant other after a long time away? Answer is passionate kisses because you are both excited to see each other again.  Question is what can a
it is a concert instrument.  Question: What is the difference between a harpsichord and a piano?  Answer: A harpsichord is a keyboard instrument that is played with a bow. A piano is a keyboard instrument that is played with
nymphs are not real.  Question: What is the difference between a nymph and a nympho? Answer: Nymphs are real. Nympho's are not.  Question: What is the difference between a nymph and a n
you can't mute someone in game. I'm not saying you can't mute someone in game, I'm saying you can't mute someone in game and then report them for not replying to you. You can't report someone for not replying to
of the high blood pressure.  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer:  Question:  Answer
he was going to bed instead of going to work.  Now, if you were to ask me, I would say that the guy suffers from a lack of discipline. He was going to bed instead of going to work. He was
they are state property.  Question is what is the purpose of the tree ordinance? Answer is to protect trees.  Question is what is the purpose of the tree ordinance? Answer is to protect trees.  Question is what is the purpose of the tree ordinance? Answer is
they are bored.  Boredom is a state of mind. It is a feeling of being uninterested in something. It is a feeling of being bored. It is a feeling of being bored. It is a feeling of being bored. It is a feeling of being
you improved yourself.
of the loss.  Question is what would happen to a person if his or her money is stolen? Answer is feel angry because of the loss.  Question is what would happen to a person if his or her money is stolen? Answer is feel
it's the only thing that makes sense. I think it's more likely that the cat jumped into the microwave and then the owner panicked and tried to get it out. I think it
they are cold.  Question: What is the difference between a marmot and a groundhog? Answer: A groundhog has a long nose and a marmot has a short nose.  Question: What is the difference between a marmot and a squirrel? Answer:
of that.  The question is:  Is it a requirement that someone must what?  The answer is:  Die because of that.  The answer is:  Die because of that.  The answer is:  Die because of
he was curious.  Question: What is the truth?  Answer: Truth is the answer to the question.  Question: What is the question?  Answer: The question is what is the truth?
they were alone.  The next day, the couple was in the bedroom and the wife was on top of her husband. She was riding him and he was holding her hips. She was moaning and he was
he was fired from his old job.  Question: What is the difference between a job and a career?  Answer: A job is a temporary position that you hold for a period of time. A career is a long-term position that you hold for
they were selling fast.  Q: What is the difference between a hot dog and a sandwich?  A: A hot dog is a sandwich.  Q: What is the difference between a hot dog and a hamburger?
they are formed by tectonic forces.  The question is what would a rock form in nature above the treeline? Answer is mountains because they are formed by tectonic forces.  I think the question is more about what would a rock form in nature
he was getting a haircut.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to assume it's not.  I'm not sure if this is
the military was the only one who could operate the plane.  The military base was located at the airport in the city of Keflavik, which is located on the island of Iceland. The airport is a military
we are a medical office.  Question: What is the difference between a dental office and a medical office?  Answer: A dental office is a medical office.  Question: What is the difference between a dental office and a medical office
he is the best.
it's a jewelry box. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
they have a lot of books.  Question: How do you know if a book is good? Answer: You read it.  Question: How do you know if a book is bad? Answer: You don't read it.  Question: How do you know if
it's a bridge. I think the question is more like "how can a human cross a river without messing up their hair?" I think the question is more like "how can a human cross a river without messing up their hair?"
it's a bill. I think you're missing the point. The question is why would a man carry a dollar bill in his wallet? The answer is because it's a bill. The question is why would a man carry a dollar bill in his wallet? The
it's a meal. I think you're missing the point.
she is a poor college student. I think the point is that she's not a poor college student, she's a poor person. I think the point is that she's not a poor person, she's a poor college student. I think the point is
they are everywhere.  Question: Where can I find a weasel?  Answer: Great outdoors.  Question: Where can I find a weasel?  Answer: Great outdoors.  Question: Where can I find a weasel?  Answer
room is where you put a folding chair. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
they were a fast growing business.  Question:  What was the committee's responsibility?  Answer:  The committee's responsibility was to make sure that the business was growing.  Question:  What was the committee's responsibility?
they have a lot of stuffed animals.  The first sentence is a question. The second sentence is a statement.  The first sentence is a question. The second sentence is
it is the happiest place on earth.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking for a good book on the history of Disneyland. I've read a few books on the history of Disney, but I'm
she was going to the hospital to have the baby.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to assume it's not.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or
they have no money.  Question:  What is the difference between a retired person and a retired person?  Answer:  A retired person is a person who has retired from their job.  Question:  What is the difference
it is a family owned business.  Question is where is likely to have a family owned barber shop? Answer is neighborhood because it is a family owned business.  Question is where is likely to have a family owned barber shop? Answer is neighborhood because it
he was going to meet his date.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a
of the long drive.  Question: What is the difference between a hotel and a motel? Answer: A hotel is a building with rooms for rent. A motel is a building with rooms for rent and a restaurant.  Question: What is the difference between a
it was petrified.  Petrify is a process that occurs when a substance is turned into stone. The substance is usually a mineral, but it can also be organic. The process is called petrification when the substance
he was inspired to write a book. I think you're right. I think the question is asking if he was inspired to write a book,
they are children. I think the question is more about how to make dodge balls safe for children. I think the question is more about how to make dodge balls safe for children.
it was a hall. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. The cabin was a single room. The bunkrooms were connected by a hallway. The hall was a single
of the lawsuit.
it's not a stackable item. I think he means that he has a stack of 100,000 steel pens, and he wants to know if he can store them in the warehouse. Oh, i see
the war was not over.  The war was not over. The war was over when the Japanese signed the surrender document. The war was not over when the Japanese signed the surrender document.
they are in the zoo.  The marmoset is a small monkey that lives in South America. They are very cute and have a very long tail. They are also very smart and can learn to speak. They are also very fast and can run up to
the victim is dead. I think you're missing the point. The question is what happens to the victim of someone committing a murder? The answer is that the victim is dead. The question is what happens to the victim of someone committing a murder? The
it's a shower. I think you're missing the point.
they are not able to do anything else.  Question: What is the difference between a person who is happy and a person who is not happy?  Answer: A person who is happy is able to do what he wants to do. A person who is
she was happy.  "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you."  "It's fine, I was just thinking about something."  "What was it?"  "I was thinking about how
he was a lawyer.  Question: What is the name of the man who was called a weasel for "ambulance chasing?" Answer: Johnnie Cochran.  Question: What is the name of the
they were all sitting around looking what?  The answer is bored because they were all sitting around looking bored.  The answer is bored because they were all sitting around looking bored.  The answer is bored because
it was the closest thing they had to a park.
they are going to class.  Question is what must elementary school students do when they are going into class? Answer is wait in line because they are going to class.  Question is what must elementary school students do when they are going into class?
they are winning.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the team is celebrating because they are winning.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that
they have to.  I think the question is why would someone go to an office building to work?  I think the question is why would someone go to an office building to work?  I think the question is why would someone go to an office building to work?
you are seeking approval from your friends.  Question is when chatting with friends you admire, what are you hoping to achieve? Answer is social approval because you are seeking approval from your friends.  Question is when chatting with friends you admire, what are
it is the only thing that is worth taking.  I think the question is more about the motivation of the person planning to kill.  I think the question is more about the motivation of the person planning to kill.  I think the question is more about the
you can't be bothered to do something else. I'm not lazy, I just don't have anything else to do. Then you're just a lazy person. I'm not lazy, I just don't have anything else to do. Then you
of the ruin.
it's a large satchel. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just trying to help
you can't go to a bus stop in the airport. I think he means that you can land, claim your things, and go to a bus stop in the airport. I think he means that you can land, claim your things,
he enjoyed it.  Question: What is the difference between a lecture and a seminar?  Answer: A lecture is a formal presentation of information. A seminar is a discussion of the information.  Question: What is the difference between a lecture and a
it's a rubber. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that
they are not able to live with the guilt of having caused the death of their relative.  Question: What is the difference between a person who commits suicide and a person who is killed by a suicide? Answer: The person who commits suicide is not able to live with
it has a lot of people.
he was tired from a long day of work.
it's the room where you prepare food.  The kitchen is the room where you prepare food.  The kitchen is the room where you prepare food.  The kitchen is the room where you prepare food.  The kitchen is the room where you
we have a lot of them.  The bald eagle is a bird of prey. It is a large bird with a long, narrow, pointed bill. It has a white head and neck, a black body, and a white tail. The bald eagle
coffee is a social drink.  Question: What is the difference between a person who is lonely and a person who is not lonely?  Answer: A person who is lonely is a person who is not happy with their life. They are not
they are not a flight risk.  The judge is not a flight risk. The judge is a flight risk.  The judge is a flight risk.  The judge is a flight risk.  The judge is a flight risk.  The judge
you can do it from home.  I am not sure if you are serious or not. I am not sure if you are a troll or not. I am not sure if you are a troll or not.  I am not sure
that is what they are looking for.  I have a question for you. I have a mattress that is very firm. I am looking for a softer mattress. I have a very bad back and I am looking for a softer
of the rocking motion of the boat.  The motion sickness is caused by the fact that the boat is moving. The boat is moving because the boat is moving through the water. The water is moving because the water is moving through the water.  The water
you're not going to the state fair.  Q: What's the difference between a cow and a bull?  A: A bull has a lot of horns.  Q: What's the difference between a cow and a bull?
there are a lot of sharks in the great barrier reef.  Question: Where do you see a shark in Australia?  Answer: Great Barrier Reef  Question: Where do you see a shark in Australia?  Answer: Great Barrier Reef
it's sedentary.
home is where you are comfortable.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.
he was scared.  Question: What is the difference between a boy and a girl? Answer: A boy is a boy and a girl is a girl.  Question: What is the difference between
they have a lot of brands of oboe.  I think that the most important thing is to choose the oboe that you like. I think that the oboe is a very beautiful instrument and it is very important to choose the oboe that you like
it's a town.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the question is a bit silly.  I'm saying that the question is a bit silly.  I'm saying that the question is a bit silly.
you are sleeping well.  Question: What is the difference between a dream and a nightmare?  Answer: A dream is a dream. A nightmare is a nightmare.  Question: What is the difference between a nightmare and a nightmare?  Answer: A nightmare is
they are the most iconic.  Question is the tourists sought out red telephone boxes, where do they look? Answer is london because they are the most iconic.  I think the answer is more complicated than that. The red phone boxes are iconic because
it is the only instrument that uses the same material.  The trumpet is a brass instrument. Brass is a family of metals that includes copper, brass, and bronze. The trumpet is made of brass.  The trumpet is a brass instrument
I'm not a fucking idiot. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the joke is stupid. I'm
it's the only place you can find a choker. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what the question is asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm
he was tired.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. The man was up at 2:30am, so he was using the television, what was he hoping he
it's a circus. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's
it is the main board of the computer.  Question: What is the difference between a computer and a computer?  Answer: A computer is a machine that can do many things. A computer is a machine that can do many things.
the water was not hot enough.  Question: What is the difference between a good cook and a bad cook? Answer: A good cook knows when to stop cooking.  Question: What is the difference between a good cook
they were traveling east.  The question is: What is the answer to the question? The answer is: The answer is: The answer is: The answer is: The answer is: The answer is:
you can get them there.  Question: What is the best way to get a knife?  Answer: The best way to get a knife is to go to kitchen.  Question: What is the best way to get a knife
he had to decide what to do.  Billy was cogitating the situation, but soon he would have to come to what?  Billy was cogitating the situation, but soon he would have to come to what?  Billy
i am forgiving.  I am not sure if i am right or wrong. But i think i am right.  I am not sure if i am right or wrong. But i think i am right.  I am not sure if i am right
she was vain. I think you're right. I think she was a narcissist.
it is a web page.  The pop-up is a web page. It is a web page that is displayed on a web browser. It is a web page that is displayed on a web browser.  The pop-up
they don't have calluses. I think you're missing the point.
it's a stew. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it's a metal box.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is a bit of a non-sequitur.  The question is about the disposal of a broken icebox. The answer is
it's the only state that has a coast. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure how it works either.
bishop is a chess piece.  The bishop is a chess piece. It is a piece that moves in a straight line. It can move diagonally, but only in the first two ranks. It can move forward, backward, and sideways. It can move di
he was on a cliff.  1. What might have been the reason for John to be on a cliff?  2. What might have been the reason for John to be on a plain?
they are carnivores.  Dogs are omnivores. They eat meat and plants.  Dogs are omnivores. They eat meat and plants.  Dogs are omnivores. They eat meat and plants.  D
he was going to be a father.  Question: What was the first thing sam did when he got back? Answer: He went to his sister's house.  Question: What did sam's sister say when she saw him
it is a medical emergency.  Question: What is the difference between a blood transfusion and a blood donation?Answer: Blood donation is voluntary and blood transfusion is mandatory.  Question: What is the difference between a blood transfusion and a blood donation?Answer:
the area of the surface is the area of the object.  Question: What is the area of a circle?  Answer: The area of a circle is the area of the circle.
it is a person who has a good sense of humor.  Question: What is the difference between a joke and a pun? Answer: A joke is a joke, a pun is a pun.  Question: What is the difference between a joke and a
he was a college student.  Question: What is the difference between a piano and a piano? Answer: A piano is a piano.  Question: What is the difference between a piano and a piano? Answer: A piano is
it is cold. I think you're missing the point.
it's a prescription. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure if you're aware that the pill is not a contraceptive device. It's a hormonal birth control method. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm not sure if you're
he was in a museum.  I think the answer is "whisper" because he was in a museum.  I think the answer is "whisper" because he was in a museum.
it's the only flat surface. I think he meant the floor of the room. I think he meant the floor of the house. I think he meant the floor of the universe. I think he meant the floor of the multiverse. I think he meant the
he lied.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that the employee lied. He was fired.  I'm saying that the employee lied. He was fired.  I'm saying that the employee lied. He was
he was in love.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman
they were sightseeing. I think the question is why were they diving through the cave? Because they were sightseeing. I think the question is why were they sightseeing? Because they were diving through the cave. I think the
you are not doing anything. I'm not sure I understand your question. I'm not sitting down in front of a TV. I'm sitting down in front of a computer. I'm not doing anything. I'm just sitting there. I'm
they're hungry. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what OP is asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm saying that if you're cooking and someone comes in
he was on the radio.
there is no resource.  I think you are missing the point. The point is that the resource is not sparse, it is just not thick.  I think you are missing the point. The point is that the resource is not sparse, it is
of the pressure on the eyes.  Question: What is the difference between a headache and a migraine?  Answer: A headache is a pain in the head. A migraine is a pain in the head and in the neck.  Question: What is
cover is the first thing you see when you open a book.  I think the cover is the most important part of a book. It is the first thing you see when you open a book. It is the first thing you see when you buy a book. It is the first thing you see when
he was willing to risk his life to save others. I think the question is more about the fact that he was willing to risk his life to save others, but he didn't have to. He could have just as easily stayed in the car and
it's fun. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking why people listen to music. I'm asking why people listen to music while they're working out. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that people listen to music because
they are in school.  Question: Where would you find pencils and young people? Answer: Classroom because they are in school.  Question: Where would you find pencils and young people? Answer: Classroom because they are in school.  Question:
he was talking out. I think you're missing a word or two. I think you're missing a joke. I think you're missing a
you can learn anything you want.  Question: What is the difference between a person who is a student and a person who is a student? Answer: A person who is a student is a person who is learning.  Question: What is the difference
they have a lot of stores.  Question: Where can you buy jeans at one of may indoor merchants? Answer: Shopping mall because they have a lot of stores.  Question: Where can you buy jeans at one of may indoor merchants? Answer: Shopping
it's a high traffic area. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's what OP was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the question
he was holding a iron.  The question is:  What is the answer to the question?  The answer is:  The answer is:  The answer is:
it's not clean. I think you're missing the point.
hotel lobby is where you spend the night. I think you're missing the point.
of the virus.  The computer is infected with a virus. The virus is a program that is designed to damage the computer. The virus is a program that is designed to damage the computer. The virus is a program that is designed to damage
it's the most efficient way to communicate. I think you're missing the point.
they are the ones who made it happen.  I think the question is more about the "celebration" part.  I think the question is more about the "celebration" part.  I think the question
you ran twenty six miles.  Question is what does someone feel after running twenty six miles? Answer is feel tired because you ran twenty six miles.  Question is what does someone feel after running twenty six miles? Answer is feel tired because you ran twenty six miles.
it was a predator of aphids.  Question: What is the difference between a predator and a parasite?Answer: A predator is a creature that eats other living things. A parasite is a creature that lives off of
you are doing what you love.  I am not a big fan of the word "happiness" because it is too general. I prefer the word "success" because it is specific.  I am not a big fan of the word "happiness" because it is
i asked them to write me a response.  I think the answer is "yes" because the question is asking if you are reading a letter from a friend who you asked to write you a response.
he was a judge.  The judge was a man of great honor and integrity. He was a man of great honor and integrity. He was a man of great honor and integrity. He was a man of great honor and integrity. He was a
of the skyline. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the joke is that the audience is supposed to recognize the
he is a salesman.  Question: What is the difference between a salesman and a salesman?  Answer: A salesman is a person who sells things.  Question: What is the difference between a salesman and a salesman?  Answer: A
they are elected by the people.  I think the question is who has the most influence on washington from a given county.  The answer is representative because they are elected by the people.  I think the question is who has the most influence
he was building a wall.
it's a clock. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's a clock. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but
they are not in their pockets.  Question is where do farmers keep toothpicks? Answer is mouth because they are not in their pockets.  Question is where do farmers keep toothpicks? Answer is mouth because they are not in their pockets.  Question is where do
it's a basement. I think the question is where did the person have to walk downstairs to get the tool? The answer is the basement because it's a basement.
he is in the pacific ocean. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume
it's a frisbee.  The frisbee is in play when it's in the air.  The frisbee is not in play when it's on the ground.  The frisbee is in play when it's in the air
they are qualified.  I think the question is more about the process of getting the job. If you are qualified, you are qualified. If you are not qualified, you are not qualified. If you are qualified and you are
it's a castle. I think you're missing the point. The question is "What is the most likely place to find a large wooden door?" The answer is "A castle." The question is "What is the most likely place to find a large wooden
he was contemplating a choice.  Question: What is the difference between a decision and a choice?  Answer: A decision is a choice.  Question: What is the difference between a decision and a choice?  Answer: A decision is
it's the only thing that can be measured.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll answer anyway.  The reason I'm asking is because I'm trying to understand why people do things that hurt others. I'm not trying to
that's what happens when you go to parties. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. I'm not. I'm just saying that the question is stupid. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. I'm
you have to eat more to get full.  Question: What happens if you eat hamburger that's very big?  Answer: Get full because you have to eat more to get full.  Question: What happens if you eat hamburger that's
it is liquid.  Question is what liquid can be kept in a large container? Answer is juice because it is liquid.  Answer is juice because it is liquid.  Question is what liquid can be kept in a large container? Answer is juice because it is liquid
there are many types of people. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it can end up in death.  Question: Why do you think people drink and drive?  Answer: Because they are stupid.  Question: Why do you think people drink and drive?  Answer: Because they are stupid.  Question
it is the only place in the world where you can find gruber exacavation.  I have a question. I have a Gruber Exacavator. I have a question. I have a Gruber Exacavator. I have a question.
it is a coin. I think you're missing the point. The question is, "What is the best way to stop your car from being towed?" The answer is, "Parking meter because it is a coin." The question is
it's the color of the chocolate milk. I think the question is more like "why is the milk brown?" Because it's chocolate milk.
he is guilty of murder.  The question is not what is happening to a person found guilty of committing murder. The question is what is happening to a person found guilty of committing murder in a court of law.  The answer is going to prison because
cats are not in the milky way galaxy. I think you're missing the point. The question is "where would a cat not belong?" The answer is "in the milky way galaxy." The question is "where would a cat not belong?" The
the horse is moving.  The horse is moving because it is being hit.  The horse is being hit because it is moving.  The horse is moving because it is being hit.  The horse is moving because it is being hit.  The horse
popcorn is a snack.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?
it's a bird.  Question: What is the difference between a bird and a plane?Answer: A bird can fly.  Question: What is the difference between a bird and a plane?Answer: A bird can fly.
you dont want it.  I think you are right. I think that the reason why we are so attracted to the opposite sex is because we are attracted to the opposite sex. I think that the reason why we are so attracted to the same sex is because we are
the doctor can't see the wound.  I think the answer is the injured person because the doctor can't see the wound.  I think the answer is the injured person because the doctor
it's a cell membrane.  Question: What is the difference between a cell membrane and a cell wall?  Answer: A cell membrane is a layer of protein that surrounds the cell. It is the barrier that separates the inside of the cell from the outside
it's a process that takes a long time.  Question: What is the difference between a food processor and a blender? Answer: A food processor is a machine that chops, grinds, and mixes food. A blender is a machine that blends food.  Question: What is the difference
of alcohol.  Question: What is the result of getting drunk?  Answer: Hangover because of alcohol.  Question: What is the result of getting drunk?  Answer: Hangover because of alcohol.  Question: What is the result of getting drunk
he was going to a job interview.  Question: Why did he not clean his clothes before the interview? Answer: He was hoping to clean his clothes before the interview.  Question: Why did he not clean
that's where the books are.  I'm not sure what you mean by "share" but I think you mean "give away".  I think you are asking if a teacher can give away books that she has purchased for her classroom. The answer is yes.  I
they are in cages. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm
divorce is a legal matter.  Question: I am a Muslim and I have a problem with my wife. She is a Christian and she is not willing to accept Islam. She is not willing to accept Islam and she is not willing to
it can't eat. I think the question is more along the lines of "what happens if the animal doesn't eat for a long time?" It dies.
the students can't understand the concept without examples.  I think that the teacher is trying to get the students to think about the problem and how to solve it. The teacher is trying to get the students to think about the problem
he is using a desktop.  I think the question is more about the fact that he's using a desktop.  I think the question is more about the fact that he's using a desktop.  I
it is the most popular place to go on sunday.  The answer is church because it is the most popular place to go on sunday.  The answer is church because it is the most popular place to go on
he was asked to do so.  The engineer was not asked to demonstrate the product. He was asked to explain the product.  The engineer was not asked to demonstrate the product.
she is a tramp.  The child is a tramp because she is a tramp.  The child is a tramp because she is a tramp.  The child is a tramp because she is a tramp
it is the most popular sport in the world.  The answer is baseball bat because it is the most popular sport in the world.  The answer is baseball bat because it is the most popular sport in the world.  The answer is baseball
it's a card. I think the question is more about where do you keep your wallet? I keep my wallet in my pocket. I keep my wallet in my pants. I keep my wallet in my pants pocket. I keep my wallet in my pants pocket.
they are bored.  I'm not sure if I'm bored or not. I'm not bored enough to write a story, but I'm not bored enough to do anything else. I'm just sitting here, waiting for something to happen.  I'm not sure what
he was wide open.  I'm not saying he's a bad player, I'm saying he's not a #1 receiver. He's a #2 receiver. He's a #1 receiver on a team that has no other
he pulled open drawer.
it has many types of goods.  Question: What is the difference between a supermarket and a department store?  Answer: A supermarket is a store that sells many types of goods. A department store is a store that sells only one type of goods.
it has the most books.  The library of congress is the largest library in the world. It has over 150 million books. It has over 10 million videos and over 5 million audio recordings. It has over 100 million pages of documents. It has
it is a symbol of christmas.  Question is a poor family has no decorations in december, what would make a great gift? Answer is christmas tree because it is a symbol of christmas.  Question is a
he was going to the town.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What is the difference between a question
of a lack of power.  Question: What is the difference between a ship and a boat? Answer: A ship has a motor.  Question: What is the difference between a ship and a submarine? Answer: A ship has a motor.  Question:
it is a moisturizer.  I have a question about the use of hand sanitizer. I use it frequently, but I am concerned about the use of it. I have been told that it is not good for the skin. I
he was a great storyteller.  He was a great storyteller. He was a great storyteller. He was a great storyteller. He was a great storyteller. He was a great storyte
daydream is a kind of contemplation.  Daydream is a kind of contemplation.  Daydream is a kind of contemplation.  Daydream is a kind of contemplation.  Daydream is a kind of contemplation.  Daydream is a
they were going to see the opera.  Question: What is the name of the opera? Answer: The Marriage of Figaro.  Question: What is the name of the opera? Answer: The Marriage of Fig
it's easy to learn and you can play it with your friends.  The game is very simple. You have to collect cards and play them. You can play with your friends or with the computer.  The game is very simple. You
they have been told that their problems are not important.  The problem is that people have been told that their problems are not important.  The problem is that people have been told that their problems are not important.  The problem is that people have been told that
it's a disease.  Question: What does cancer have the potential to do?  Answer: Kill.  Question: What does cancer have the potential to do?  Answer: Kill.  Question: What does cancer have the potential to do?
it is a place where humans can have a cup of coffee or a sandwich.  Question is where can humans have a cup of coffee or a sandwich? Answer is cafe because it is a place where humans can have a cup of coffee or a sandwich.  Question
they wanted to be together forever.
they don't understand what you are saying.  I think the answer is that you should be able to express yourself in a way that your audience understands.  I think the answer is that you should be able to express yourself in
he was tired.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the guy was tired and he sat down. He didn't do anything wrong.  I
of new information.  I think the question is more about how one's views can change after learning about science.  I think the question is more about how one's views can change after learning about science.  I think the question is more about how
it was in the atlantic ocean.  Question: What is the difference between a shark and a whale?Answer: A whale is a mammal and a shark is a fish.  Question: What is the
of new evidence.  I think the question is whether the new evidence is so compelling that it would be reasonable for the court to conclude that the defendant did not commit the crime.  I think the question is whether the new evidence
he was working too hard.
spirits are dead.  Question is where do spirits haunt outside? Answer is cemetary because spirits are dead.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer.  I think that
it's the only place where you can practice.  Question: What is the difference between a medic and a combat medic? Answer: A combat medic is a medic who is trained to treat combat injuries. A combat medic is not a medic
they are afraid of the dark.  The story is about a little girl who is afraid of the dark. She is afraid of the dark because she is afraid of the monsters in the dark. She is afraid of the monsters in the dark because she is afraid of the dark.
lasers are used in laboratories.  Question is where would you likely find a laser in a university? Answer is laboratory because lasers are used in laboratories.  Question is where would you likely find a laser in a university? Answer is laboratory because lasers are used in laboratories.
they were the prosecution.  The prosecution is the one who brings the case to trial. The prosecution is the one who brings the case to trial.  The prosecution is the one who brings the case to trial
they are the only ones that have them. I'm not sure what you're asking.
you are not happy.  The answer is depressed because you are not happy.  The answer is depressed because you are not happy.  The answer is depressed because you are not happy.  The answer is depressed because you are not
it is a building.  Question: What is the height of the building? Answer: 110 floors.  Question: What is the number of floors in the building? Answer: 110.  Question: What is the number of floors in the
it's a personal ficus. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm serious.
he is a swamp monster. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
they are not side effects.
he was looking at the earth. I think the question is more like "What is the surface of the earth?" I think the question is
he was already out there.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question
it's a pure subject.
he was in a farmyard.  I'm not sure what you mean by "the herding dog had ample room to run and play" - the dog was in a farmyard, but the farmyard
i want everyone to hear my voice. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking how to speak. I'm asking how to speak in a way that is more understandable to the audience. I'm not being sarcastic.
they were both invited. I think the question is where did the two best friends end up having a slumber party?
it's a town hall. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's a town hall.
they have a lot of them. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure how it works either.
the fox is a Louisiana native.  The fox is a native of the south and the north. The fox is a native of the south and the north. The fox is a native of the south and the north. The fox is a native
it is the only place where you can ride your bicycle.  I think that the answer is correct. The question is asking where you can ride your bicycle to take graduate classes. The answer is that you can ride your bicycle to the university.  I think
that's where the beer is brewed. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not the answer. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you
she was brown.  The song was about a girl with brown eyes.  The song was about a girl with brown eyes.  The song was about a girl with brown eyes.  The song was about a girl
we are all the same.  I think the question is more about why do humans compete with each other.  I think the answer is that we are all the same.  I think the question is more about why do humans compete with each other.
the mountain is fresh air.  Question: What is the difference between a person who is breathing fresh air and a person who is breathing polluted air? Answer: The person who is breathing fresh air is likely to have exhilaration
they are always tickling me with their whiskers.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to answer it anyway.  The answer is "whiskers" because they are always tickling me with their whiskers.
you can't find 10 or 100 homes that are not attached together.  So, if you are looking for a home that is not attached to another home, you are looking for a neighborhood.  Now, if you are looking for a home that is
it is faster and more efficient.  Question: How do you know if you are getting the best price for your report? Answer: You can get the best price for your report by comparing prices.  Question: How do
they were having friends stay at their home.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the guest room is not a guest room if it's being used as a living
she is hungry.
it is a place where you can buy a lot of things.  The cash register is a machine that is used to count money and to make a payment. It is a machine that is used to make a payment. It is a machine that is used to make a payment
he was alone. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll answer anyway.
of the music.  The music was so loud that it caused him to fall asleep.  The music was so loud that it caused him to fall asleep.  The music was so loud that it caused him to fall
when you are relaxed you are able to think clearly and you are able to do your work.  Question: What is the difference between relaxation and meditation?  Answer: Meditation is a process of concentration. It is a process of focusing your mind on a particular thing. It is
they are everywhere. I'm from Louisiana and I've never seen a snake in a swamp. I'm from Louisiana and I've never seen a snake in a swamp.
we had a teacher who was a very good teacher.  Q: What was your favorite subject?  A: I liked math.  Q: What was your favorite subject?  A: I liked
they were hungry.  The question is, why did they have to go get food? The answer is because they were hungry.  The question is, why did they have to go get food? The answer is because
he/she can't see.  Question is who might wear dark glasses indoors? Answer is blind person because he/she can't see.  Question is who might wear dark glasses indoors? Answer is blind person because he/she can't see.  Question is who might
of the asparagus.  Question: What is the difference between a dog and a cat? Answer: A dog has four legs and a cat has five.  Question: What is the difference between
he was giving to others.  I am going to give you a few more questions and answers.  Question is sam loved to play basketball. Answer is he loved to play basketball because he was playing basketball.  Question is sam loved to play
it is the last place food is before being eaten.  Question is where is the last place food is before being eaten? Answer is plate because it is the last place food is before being eaten.  Question is where is the last place food is before being eaten?
he was going to jackson.  Question is he saw that he was about an hour from jackson after heaidng east on the de soto bridge, where was he?
he's the president.  (LAUGHTER)  (APPLAUSE)  (LAUGHTER)  (APPLAUSE)  (LAUGHTER)  (APPLAUSE)  (LAUGHTER)  (
they are the only ones who use a round brush. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's what OP meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the question is stupid. I
they were in the middle of the desert. I think the question is more about the logistics of the evacuation.
it's a beast. I think it's a reference to the movie "The Beast" I think it's a reference to the movie "The Beast" I think it's a reference to the movie "The Beast" I think it's a reference to the
they are waiting for something.  Question is what is typically the attitude of a child waiting for something? Answer is impatience because they are waiting for something.  Question is what is typically the attitude of a child waiting for something? Answer is impatience because
they do not care about quality food.  I think that the question is not about the quality of food, but about the taste of food.  I think that the question is not about the quality of food, but about the taste of food.
that's where the stock market is.  So, if you're in new york, you're likely to be in a place where you can hear the stock market.  Now, if you're in new york, you're likely
of the reflection of the sun.  The sky is blue because of the reflection of the sun.  The sky is blue because of the reflection of the sun.  The sky is blue because of the reflection of the sun.  The sky is blue
they are retired.  The question is when a retired person returns to work they likely need to do what? Answer is earn money because they are retired.  I think the question is more about what they are likely to do.  I think
he was a prisoner.  The twisted kidnapper was a prisoner. He was a prisoner because he was a murderer. He was a murderer because he was a kidnapper. He was a kidnapper because he was
the sun is hot. I think you're missing the point. The sun is hot, but it's not hot enough to melt steel beams. I think you're missing the point. The sun is hot, but it's not hot enough to melt steel beams
it is hot.  I am not sure if you are a native English speaker, but I think you are trying to say that the question is "What would anyone want to do during a hot day, even if
they are honest.  Question is when people are dishonest, what do they tend to do? Answer is lie because they are dishonest.  Question is when people are honest, what do they tend to do? Answer is tell truth because they are honest.
of jumping up and down on the floor.  The child's mother was not distracted by the noise. She was distracted by the child's behavior.  The child's
they have a zoo. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke.
you are tired.  Question: What is the worst thing that someone can do while driving?  Answer: Doze off because you are tired.  Question: What is the worst thing that someone can do while driving?  Answer: Do
they were competing all the time.  Question: What is the difference between a rivalry and a rivalry? Answer: A rivalry is a competition between two teams.  Question: What is the difference between a rivalry and a rivalry? Answer: A rivalry
he was a computer genius.
he was a runt.
it was a state park.
you are not allowed to cut.  I think the answer is wrong. The question is not if you cut, but if you cut when you are waiting at the ticket office.  I think the answer is wrong. The question is
it is not needed any more.  Question: What is the difference between a building and a house? Answer: A building is a place where people live. A house is a place where people live.  Question: What is the difference between a
they are breathing fresh air.  The same is true for the mind. When the mind is polluted, it is seeking to be revived. When the mind is purified, it is seeking to be purified
you're not going to be able to get out of bed.  Q: What's the first thing you have to do to return to work one day?  A: Get out of bed because you're not going to be
it is the largest country in the world.  The pacific northwest is the largest part of the united states.  The pacific northwest is the largest part of the united states.  The pacific northwest is the largest part of the united states.
she was a bad agent. I think the question is more like "What is the answer to the
it's a shelf. I think you're missing the point.
you can't catch a mouse with your bare hands. I think you're missing the point.
obstruction of justice is a crime.  The question is what might be the result if one is convicted of obstructing justice? Answer is going to jail because obstruction of justice is a crime.  The question is what might be the result if one
you're telling many people.  Question: What is the difference between a task and an accomplishment?  Answer: A task is something you do to accomplish something. An accomplishment is something you do to accomplish something.  Question: What is the difference
he can plug in there.
it's a lot of alcohol.  Question: What is the difference between a beer and a lager? Answer: A beer is a beer, a lager is a lager.  Question: What is the difference between
it's not work. I think you mean "ink in because it's not work." I think you mean "ink in because it's not work." I think you mean "ink in because it's not work." I think you mean "ink in
the referee blew his whistle and recited a rule after a play, when did he do this?  Answer is football game because the referee blew his whistle and recited a rule after a play, when did he do this
it is the only thing that is up there.  I think the question is a little more complex than that. The question is, what is the purpose of the space shuttle? The answer is to go to space. The question
it's the only place where it will decompose.  I'm not sure what you mean by "compost pile". I'm assuming you mean a pile of leaves that you put in the compost pile.  If you mean that, then yes, you can put leaves in
we are human.  I think that the answer is not to make mistakes because we are human. I think that the answer is to make mistakes because we are human and we are not perfect.  I think that the answer is to make mistakes because we are human
she was married to sean.  Question is sean was an honest person, but his married june, who wasn't honest at all. in fact, who was very what
he is able to create art.  Question: What is a person that is able to create art called?  Answer: Artist because he is able to create art.  Question: What is a person that is able to create art called?  Answer
he was in space. I think you're missing the point. The question is, why did he listen for instructions from the ground? The answer is, because he was in space. The question is, why did he
you can't see them. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the remote is always in the same place. The point is that the remote is always in the same place. The point is that the remote is always
they are clouds.  Dark clouds are likely to bring rain because they are clouds.  Dark clouds are likely to bring rain because they are clouds.  Dark clouds are likely to bring rain because they are clouds.  Dark clouds are likely to bring rain because they are
it comes from the west.  The wind is a wind from the west.  The wind is a wind from the west.  The wind is a wind from the west.  The wind is a wind from the west
she was eating less.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad diet? Answer: A good diet is one that is healthy and nutritious. A bad diet is one that is not healthy and nutritious.  Question: What
of the exercise.  Question: What is the difference between a ski and a snowboard? Answer: A ski is a long narrow board with a metal edge on one side and a plastic edge on the other. A snowboard is a long narrow board with a
he was happy. I think the answer is "happy" because he was happy. I think the answer is "happy" because he was happy. I think the answer is "happy" because
you have to be able to sing and dance.  Question: What is the difference between a talent and a skill?  Answer: A talent is something that you are born with. A skill is something that you can learn.  Question:
he is a soldier.
turkey is in asia minor.  Turkey is in Asia Minor because it is in Asia Minor.  Turkey is in Asia Minor because it is in Asia Minor.  Turkey is in Asia Minor because it is in Asia Minor.  Turkey is in Asia Minor
you agree.  I think that's a good idea. I think it's a good idea to have a "like" button. I think it's a good idea to have a "dislike" button. I think it's a good idea to have a "
of the long time playing.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.
they are spending too much on products. I think the question is why would a person stop buying products? The answer is because they are running out of money.
he loved watching the sloth on television.
we need to know how to walk before we can run.  So, we need to know how to walk before we can run.  So, we need to know how to walk before we can run.  So, we
you are going to get wet.  The question is what could happen if you are going fishing in a river and fall down? Answer is wet clothes because you are going to get wet.  The question is what could happen if you are going
it is the only thing that can keep the turkey unspoiled.  The answer is refrigerator because it is the only thing that can keep the turkey unspoiled.  The answer is
they are in a fight. I think you're missing the point.
he is not used to it. I think you're missing the point.
they're bored.  So, what do you do?  You make it fun.  You make it interesting.  You make it interesting and fun.  You make it interesting and fun and make it fun.
they are loyal.  Question: What is the difference between a dog and a cat? Answer: A dog is a loyal friend, a cat is a loyal enemy.  Question: What is the difference between a dog and a cat?
he was in a meeting.
it's the first thing you see when you walk in.  Question: What is the difference between a receptionist and a secretary? Answer: A receptionist is a person who answers the phone and takes messages. A secretary is a person who takes messages and answers the phone.
it is not clear.  I think the answer is "obscure" because it is not clear.  I think the answer is "obscure" because it is not clear.  I think
it is a controlled environment.  The control room is needed to prevent wide spread disaster.  The control room is needed to prevent wide spread disaster.  The control room is needed to prevent wide spread disaster.  The control room is needed to prevent
he or she would not see it.  Question is what would someone be if he or she did not see a sharp object falling in front of him or her? Answer is unobservant because he or she
he was in the office building.
he was not trying to explain anything to his parents. He was trying to explain to his ex that he was not going to marry her.  I think the question is, why
it's illegal to sell to minors. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that's the answer. I'm not sure if you
they ate enough.  The same is true for the body. If you eat enough, you will feel full. If you eat too much, you will feel full.  The problem is that many people eat too much. They eat too much because they
he was deceiving the audience.  The illusionist was a magician who was deceiving the audience.  The illusionist was a magician who was deceiving the audience.  The illusionist was a
it was a launch pad.  Question: What was the name of the rocket that was launched? Answer: Saturn V.  Question: What was the name of the rocket that was launched? Answer: Saturn V.  Question:
it was not a stray.  I am not sure what you are trying to say. I am not sure what you are trying to say.  I am not sure what you are trying to say. I am not sure what you are trying to say.
it is the study of the nature of the world.  Philosophy is the study of the nature of the world.  Philosophy is the study of the nature of the world.  Philosophy is the study of
it is easy to clean and it is easy to clean.  Linoleum is a type of flooring that is made from linseed oil and linseed meal. It is a type of flooring that is made from linseed oil and linseed
rooms are the only thing that can be added to a building.  Question: What is the difference between a room and a building?  Answer: A room is a part of a building.  Question: What is the difference between a building and a
they are the best way to grow a ficus. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking about how to grow a ficus. I'm asking about how to grow a ficus in a pot. I'm
it's a restaurant. I think you're missing the point. The question is "what is a restaurant?" The answer is "a
you are not using birth control.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that the only reason to have sex is to get pregnant?  I'm saying that if you are having sex with your spouse, you are
they are not able to defend themselves.  I think the question is more about how someone is likely to feel about a person hurting someone else.  I think the question is more about how someone is likely to feel about a person hurting someone else.
they are near the sea.  Question: What do people do if they are near the sea?  Answer: Eat fish because they are near the sea.  Question: What do people do if they are near the sea?  Answer: Eat fish
they are kids.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that kids are not allowed to play games?  I'm saying that kids are kids and they have vivid imaginations. They can take anything
it's cold. I think the question is more about how long it takes to freeze. I think the answer is "not long"
he wanted to be in a high-traffic area.  Question: What is the difference between a mall and a shopping center? Answer: A mall is a shopping center with a department store.  Question: What is the
he is a human.  I think you are right. I think that the human is the only one who can improve himself.  I think that the human is the only one who can improve himself.  I think that the human is the only one who can improve
people are more open to change.
he knew that he had to choose. I think the question is more about why he didn't just reject the temptation. Because he knew
you are doing something good for yourself.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking for a good book to read. I'm a college student, and I'm looking for a book that will help me with my
it was a fox.  Question: What is the difference between a fox and a wolf? Answer: A fox is a small animal, a wolf is a large animal.  Question: What is the difference between a fox and a coyote? Answer
you do not have work.  Question: What would you be if you do not have work?  Answer: Unemployed.  Question: What would you be if you do not have work?  Answer: Unemployed.  Question: What would
it was a film.  Question: What is the difference between a film and a photograph?  Answer: A film is a series of still images that are recorded on a strip of film. A photograph is a single image that is recorded on a strip of film.
it was in a cabinet.  Question: How many kids were there? Answer: Three.  Question: How old were they? Answer: Three.  Question: How old was the flour? Answer: Three
the stomach is not able to digest the food.  Question: What is the difference between a heartburn and a heart attack?  Answer: Heart attack is a serious condition that can be fatal. Heartburn is a symptom of heartburn.  Question:
beaver is a water animal.  Question is what is beaver's favorite food? Answer is beaver's favorite food is beaver.  Question is what is beaver's favorite toy? Answer is beaver's favorite toy is beaver.  Question
of the way the signal is being received. It is not a radio signal. It is a signal that is being received by a device that is not a radio. It is a signal that is being received by a device that is not a radio. It is a
it is the most convenient place to store your dishes.  The shelf is the most convenient place to store your dishes.  The shelf is the most convenient place to store your dishes.  The shelf is the most convenient place to store your dishes.  The shelf
it's the most common place to remove snow.  I'm not sure what you mean by "most likely use a blower to remove snow from".  I would use a blower to remove snow from the ground.  I would use a
it's a small dog. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it was a car dealership. I think the question is, why would a car dealership have a showroom? Because it's a car dealership. I think the question is, why would a car dealership have a showroom? Because
of aging.  Question: What happens to people over time?  Answer: Become old because of aging.  Question: What happens to people over time?  Answer: Become old because of aging.  Question: What happens to people over time?  Answer
of the past.  Question: What is the difference between a person who is working and a person who is not working?  Answer: A person who is working is working for a living. A person who is not working is not working for a
it's a spider. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but that's not a spider. I'm not joking. I'm not sure what it is. I'm not a spider expert. It's a jumping spider.
it's a succulent. I think you're missing the point.
it is the most efficient way to trade.  The problem is that money is not the most efficient way to trade. It is the most efficient way to trade for goods and services that are produced by a particular person. But it is not the most efficient way to trade for goods
they are in the city.  Question: What is the difference between a dentist and a dental hygienist? Answer: A dentist is a doctor who specializes in the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases and disorders of the teeth, gums, and
they are a failure.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the person who is a failure is a failure because they are a failure.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.
the crab was caught in the gulf of mexico.  The crab was caught in the gulf of mexico because the crab was caught in the gulf of mexico.  The crab was caught in
it was claustrophobic.
he was a member of the marching band. I think you're missing the point.
they are the most fun.  Question: What do you do when you are bored? Answer: Go to the barn and ride horses.  Question: What do you do when you are sad? Answer: Go to the barn and ride horses.  Question:
they are lazy. I think you're right. I've never seen a cat snuggle up with a human.
he's a big football fan.  Question: What is the best way to clean a television?  Answer: The best way to clean a television is to use a vacuum cleaner.  Question: What is the best
they are curious.  Question is if a person sees an accident, what do they generally wonder? Answer is wonder what happened because they are curious.  Question is if a person sees an accident, what do they generally wonder? Answer is wonder what
you're standing in queue for a long time.  I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'll answer anyway.  I'm not joking. I'm serious.  I'm not sure if you're
it's a protected species.  (END VIDEO CLIP)  COOPER: Well, that's a good answer.  But, of course, the question is, why is a bald eagle safe? Why is it safe in the first place?  Well, the
they don't have legs. I'm not sure I understand your analogy.
they sell them. I think the question is more along the lines of "why would you want to grow a rosebush?" Because they are pretty and smell nice. I think the question is more along the lines of "why would you want
they are mammals.  Now, if you have two dogs, you'll quickly find that you have many more. this is because dogs are capable of what? Answer is reproduce because they are mammals.
it's warm and there's a lot of light.  Question: What is the difference between a pot with something alive in it and a pot with something dead in it?  Answer: A pot with something alive in it is a greenhouse.  Question:
she was watching tv. I think the question is why she was watching TV instead of going to the gym. Because she was watching tv. I think the question is why she was watching TV instead of going to the
he was in the middle of a fight.
he was a clown.  The man went to clown college, he had always want to run away with the circus.  The man went to clown college, he had always want to run away with the circus.  The man
it is the most convenient location for the people.  The post office is not a business. It is a public service. It is not a business. It is a public service. It is not a business. It is a public service. It is not a business
you are not in balance.  Vertigo is a sensation of spinning or whirling. It is a sensation of spinning or whirling. It is a sensation of spinning or whirling. It is a sensation of spinning or whirling. It is a
that's where you would expect to find popcorn. I think the question is more like "why would you expect to find popcorn in a public place?" Because it's a public place. I think the question is more like "why would you expect to find
they are all in the same building.  Question is where would you find several businesses in the same location? Answer is office building because they are all in the same building.  Question is where would you find several businesses in the same location? Answer is office building
it is a game of skill and luck.  The question is if someone has a strong feeling of greed and wants to make some quick money what might they try to do? Answer is play poker because it is a
it was muddy where they usually go.
you eat too much.  I think the question is more about how to avoid overeating.  I think the question is more about how to avoid overeating.  I think the question is more about how to avoid overeating.
you are doing things that you like.  Question: What is the difference between a spontaneous person and a planned person?Answer: A spontaneous person is a person who is spontaneous.  Question: What is the difference between a planned person and a spontaneous
it was clean earlier that day.  The person who is upset is the one who is not able to understand the situation. The person who is upset is the one who is not able to understand the situation.  The person who
grandma always had baked cookies in the jar.  The answer is jar because grandma always had baked cookies in the jar.  The answer is jar because grandma always had baked cookies in the jar.  The answer is jar because grandma always
of the mine and explosion problem.  The question is which country is very known to have a mine and explosion problem? Answer is cambodia because of the mine and explosion problem.  The question is which country is very known to have
she felt alone.  Question is she a good singer? Answer is yes.  Question is she a good songwriter? Answer is yes.  Question is she a good performer? Answer is yes.  Question is she a
she didn't have the time to clean it up.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to answer it anyway.  The answer
they were playing poker.  Now, let's look at the second question. The high rollers began playing poker, there were no blinds so they all did what? Answer is they all did what?  The answer is
you want to be in shape.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm not sure if you're
it's a trash can. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a wasp. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a bee
of constant moisture.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?Answer: A question is a statement that is asked. An answer is a statement that is given.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?
he was a social butterfly.
he was going to have a bath.  Question: What did the man do when he was in the bath?  Answer: He was in the bath.  Question: What did the man do when he was out
you are learning about science.  The first thing you need to do is to find out what science is. Science is the study of the natural world. It is the study of how things work. It is the study of how things are made. It is the
they are professionals.  I am not a barber, but I have been using hair gel for years. I have been using hair gel for years. I have been using hair gel for years. I have been using hair gel for years. I have been using hair gel
he was hungry.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What
they sell them. I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm asking if there is a way to make a tent that doesn't have a cord. I'm not asking where to buy a tent. I'm saying that you can
the pins are falling.  The question is from the groups having fun to the falling pins, you'll hear a lot of noise where? Answer is bowling alley because the pins are falling.  The question is from the groups
it is a sweet treat.  The answer is cotton candy because it is a sweet treat.  The answer is cotton candy because it is a sweet treat.  The answer is cotton candy because it is a sweet treat.
it is a small tree.  Question:  I have a ficus that is about 3 feet tall and about 2 feet wide. I want to keep it inside. What is the best way to do this?
of reading.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman?
he is the one who is going to teach you.  Question is a student wants to hear what the professor is saying, what does he do? Answer is listen carefully because he is the one who is going to teach you.  Question
they are hit with a stick.  Now, if you hit a person with a stick, it is likely that they will suffer pain.  Now, if you hit a person with a stick, it is likely that they will
you can't win without practice.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think
of eating too much.  Question: What are the problems of eating and not exercising?  Answer:  Gaining weight because of eating too much.  Question: What are the problems of eating and not exercising?  Answer:  Gaining
the steering wheel was still free to move.  The ignition switch is the part that turns the engine on and off. It is located in the center console. The thief had to get into the car to
they have a lot of ottoman. I think you're missing the point.
it is a dress shirt. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what OP meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's a dress shirt. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or
it is the only device that can be used to watch a program without leaving your home.  Question 2: What is the difference between a television and a computer? Answer is that a television is a device that can be used to watch a program without leaving your home
he was new to the city.  The man was new to the city and planned on making friends.  The man was new to the city and planned on making friends.  The man was new
you buy them. I think you're missing the point.
you're in the stadium. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure he's talking about the game of cricket. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're
he was looking for wildflowers.  I'm not sure if this is a bug or not, but I've noticed that when I'm in the middle of a conversation with someone, and I get a phone call, the person
the food has to be broken down and absorbed by the body.  The digestive system is made up of the stomach, small intestine, large intestine, pancreas, liver, gallbladder,
water is the most important thing in our body.  Question: What is the purpose of drinking water?  Answer: Hydration because water is the most important thing in our body.  Question: What is the purpose of drinking water?  Answer: Hydration because
they are dead. I think he means how do you kill someone in a way that doesn't end with a funeral. I think he means how do you kill someone in a way that doesn't end with a funeral.
they're not awake.  I'm not sure if I'm right, but I think that's the answer.  I'm not sure if I'm right, but I think that's the answer.  I'm not sure if I'm right, but I
it is the only vessel that can hold the soul.  Question: What is the soul?  Answer: The soul is the essence of a person. It is the essence of a person that is immortal. It is the essence of a person that is eternal
they don't have cars. I think you're missing the point.
he was a freshman.  John was 15 and this was the first year he would get to do what?  Answer is go to high school because he was a freshman.  John was 15 and this was the first year
it's quieter. I think the question is why did he trade the tickets for the theater? Because he didn't like the concert hall. But why did he trade the
the dog is barking at the front door.  The dog is barking at the front door because it is a presence at the front door.  The dog is barking at the front door because it is a presence at
they were not evenly matched.  The question is, "What is the difference between a team that is evenly matched and a team that is not evenly matched?" The answer is, "The difference is winning or losing."
it is cold.  The jellyfish is a marine animal. It lives in the ocean. The ocean is a big place. It is cold in the ocean. The jellyfish lives in the ocean. The jellyfish lives in the ocean. The jellyfish lives in the
they use a lot of salt.  Question is who is likely to use too much salt? Answer is fast food restaurant because they use a lot of salt.  Question is who is likely to use too much salt? Answer is fast food restaurant because they use a lot
you want to win.  I think that's a good way to look at it. I think the problem is that I'm not sure what I want to do to conquer my opponent. I'm not sure what I want to do to win. I'm not sure what I
it is a great thing to do with used glass.  Recycling is a great thing to do with used glass.  Recycling is a great thing to do with used glass.  Recycling is a great thing to do with used glass.
of loss of balance.  Question is if a person loses their balance while on roller skating and can't recover what happened to them? Answer is falling down because of loss of balance.  Answer is falling down because of loss
you can get a drink there. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the question is so obvious that it doesn't need to be asked. I
of the fact that there are so many cars on the road.  Question: What is the most common type of car accident?  Answer: The most common type of car accident is a rear-end collision.  Question: What
you can't walk on it.  Question: How could you fall down? Answer: Thin ice.  Question: How could you fall down? Answer: Thin ice.  Question: How could you fall down? Answer: Thin ice.
it is the best place to store potato chips.  Question is what is the best way to store potato chips? Answer is in the pantry because it is the best place to store potato chips.  Question is what is the best way to store potato chips? Answer
it was in new england.  The question is where was the toll road? The answer is new england because it was in new england.  The question is where was the toll road?
you have been using energy.  So, if you are using energy, you need to rest. If you are not using energy, you don't need to rest.  So, if you are using energy, you need to rest. If
the eyes are not yet open.  Question: What is the difference between a baby and a newborn?  Answer: A baby is a baby from birth to about six months. A newborn is a baby from birth to about
it's the only place where you can see the whole world. I think you're missing the point. The question is why is the eye in the head? The answer is because it's the only place where you can see the whole world. The question
they are more likely to get sick.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what type of person usually gets an illness? Answer is elderly person because they are more likely to get sick.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what
it is a question.  I think the question is a bit ambiguous. I think the answer is clear, but I'm not sure if the question is clear.  I think the question is clear. I think the answer is ambiguous.  I think the question is clear. I
parents are the ones who are responsible for their children's behavior.  Question is children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what? Answer is parents because parents are the ones who are responsible for their children's behavior.  Question is children's behavior is a direct reflection
they are the only ones who sell milk.  Question: Where do the people find milk for sale?  Answer: Supermarket  Question: Where do the people find milk for sale?  Answer: Supermarket  Question: Where do the people find milk for
it's a class. I think the point is that it's a class that you can take as an adult. I think the point is that it's a class that you can take as an adult.
you have to pay for the building, the equipment, the employees, the insurance, the taxes, the utilities, the rent, the utilities, the utilities, the utilities, the utilities, the utilities, the utilities, the utilities, the utilities
of the high fat content.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is not what do eating hamburgers in excess lead to long term? The question is what do eating hamburgers in
it's a sport. I think you're missing the point.
they were attached to piano keys.  Question: What is the difference between a piano and a piano?Answer: A piano is a piano.  Question: What is the difference between a piano and a piano?Answer: A piano is a piano.
it's the first step to getting a book written about you.  The first step is to know who you are. You have to know what you want to be known for. You have to know what you want to be remembered for. You have to know what you want to
they are used to keep the water from the shower.  The shower curtain is a very important part of the bathroom. It is used to keep the water from the shower from getting on the floor. It is also used to keep the water from getting on the walls. It is
of falling.  Question: What is the difference between a person and a thing? Answer: A person is a person and a thing is a thing.  Question: What is the difference between a person and a thing? Answer: A person is a person and a thing
it's not a common place to find bread. I think the point is that it's not a common place to find bread, but it's not a common place to find a loaf of bread. I think the point is that it's not a common place to find bread
it's the only place where you can get explosives. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not the answer. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's the only place where
you need energy to play sports.  Question: What do you need energy for?  Answer: Play sports.  Question: What do you need energy for?  Answer: Play sports.  Question: What do you need energy for?
that's where the money is. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure he's talking about the fact that the programs he was in will be seen by millions
you're not doing anything.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the kid was bored because he was not doing anything.  I
of the water and sunlight.  Question: Why do trees grow bigger?  Answer: Trees grow bigger because of water and sunlight.  Question: Why do trees grow bigger?  Answer: Trees grow bigger because of water and sunlight
they are not allowed to have sex.  Question is who is not likely to have sex? Answer is children because they are not allowed to have sex.  Question is who is not likely to have sex? Answer is children because they are not allowed to have sex.  Question
it is not likely to have a doormat for wiping feet.  Question is where is not likely to have a doormat for wiping feet? Answer is hallway because it is not likely to have a doormat for wiping feet.  Question
it's a team effort. I think the question is more along the lines
knitting is a very relaxing activity.  I have a question about knitting. I have been knitting for about a year now and I have been doing it for about a year. I have been knitting a scarf and I have been doing it for about a year. I have
you can't bring home fish in a boat.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what
he was a nerd.  I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to make it to the next meeting, but I'll try. I'm going to be out of town for a few days, but I
of the fact that they are not getting along.  The reason why they are not getting along is because they are not communicating with each other. They are not communicating with each other because they are not talking to each other. They
it's a natural disaster.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'll answer anyway.  I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the word "horrendous" is a bit strong.  I'm not sure
clouds are in sky. I think you're missing the point.
he was able to overcome it.  I think that's a great answer.  I think that's a great answer.  I think that's a great answer.  I think that's a great answer.
they have lots of sports equipment.  Question is what type of store would have lots of sports equipment? Answer is sporting goods store because they have lots of sports equipment.  Question is what type of store would have lots of sports equipment? Answer is sporting goods
you have to do it every day.  Question: What is the difference between mental toughness and discipline?  Answer: Discipline is a habit. Mental toughness is a skill.  Question: What is the difference between mental toughness and discipline?  Answer: Discipline is
it's a bald eagle. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
he was curious.  I think the point is that the question is not a good one. It's not a question that can be answered with a yes or no. It's a question that can only be answered with a "why".  I
she was tired.  I think the question is, why did she quit?  I think the answer is, she was tired.  I think the question is, why did she quit?  I think the answer is,
that's what the stockholders are buying.  So, if you're a stockholder, you want to know how well the company is doing. You want to know how much money it's making. You want to know how much money
Let's explain question and answer. Question is how do you ask someone to entertain you? Answer is please because I'm bored. I'm not bored. I'm just not interested in the conversation. Then don't ask the question. I'm not asking the question. I'm answering it. Then don't answer the question. I'm not answering the question. I'm
cow is not real.  Question: What is the difference between a cow and a bull? Answer: A cow is a female and a bull is a male.  Question: What is the difference between a cow and a bull? Answer: A cow is a
it is easy to get to.  Question: What is the difference between a weasel and a ferret? Answer: Weasel is a small animal and ferret is a big animal.  Question: What is the difference between a weasel and a fer
it is the most convenient place.  The same is true for the human brain. The most convenient place to put information is in the memory.  The problem is that the brain is not very good at remembering things. It is not very good at
they are fast and can carry a lot of bombs.  The same is true for the internet. The internet is fast and can carry a lot of information.  The internet is not a weapon.  The internet is not a weapon.  The internet is not a weapon.
of gambling.  Now, let's look at the second part of the question. What does a gambler do that causes him or her to be unhappy? Answer is lose money because of gambling.  Now, let's look at the third
it was out of control.
of alcohol. I'm not saying that I'm drunk, I'm saying that I'm not drunk. I'm saying that I'm not drunk. I'm saying that I'm not drunk. I'm saying that I'm not
you have common interests.  I think that the most important thing is to be yourself. If you are not yourself, you will not be able to make friends.  I think that the most important thing is to be yourself. If you are not yourself
he worked in the back unloading large container from delivery trucks.  Question 2: What did he do? Answer: He worked in the back unloading large container from delivery trucks.  Question 3:
you need to navigate to get to the ocean. I think the question is more about the skill of the captain.
it's a restaurant. I think you're missing the point.
it was located in the city.  Question: What is the shopping arcade? Answer: Shopping arcade is a place where people can buy things.  Question: What is the shopping arcade? Answer: Shopping arcade is a place where people can buy
the smell will go away.  I have a question about the smell of clothes. I have a few shirts that have a smell to them. I have washed them and they still smell. I have tried airing them out and they still
she was a little bit of a loner.  She was a loner because she was a little bit of a loner.  She was a loner because she was a little bit of a
he was in a very difficult situation. He was in a very difficult situation. He was in a very difficult situation. He was in a very difficult situation. He was in a very difficult situation. He was in a very
they are hungry.  I think the answer is a little more complicated than that.  I think the answer is that people are looking for a place to eat because they are hungry.  I think the answer is that people are looking for
they have finished their book.  I think that's a great way to look at it. I'm not sure I'd be able to say I was happy when I finished a book, but I'd be relieved. I think I'd be
they are made of metal.  Question: What is the difference between a car and a truck? Answer: A truck has a bed.  Question: What is the difference between a car and a truck? Answer: A truck has a bed.  Question:
you're lying constantly. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
you can learn a lot of things from tv.  I think that the main benefit of watching TV is that it is a good way to relax. I think that it is a good way to relax because it is a good way to relax.  I think that the main benefit
i would be feeling love for them.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.  I think that's a good answer. I think that's a good answer.
it's a fox. I'm from Minnesota and I've never seen a fox. I'm from Minnesota and I've seen a fox. I'm from North Dakota and I've seen a fox. I'm from North Dakota
it is a place where you can find billions of grains of sand.  Question is where will you find billions of grains of sand? Answer is beach because it is a place where you can find billions of grains of sand.  Question is where will you find billions of grains
she was a musician.  Question: What did she play?  Answer: She played the piano.  Question: What did she like to do?  Answer: She liked
it is not a place where you can put a furnace. I know that, but I'm saying that it's not a furnace, it's a furnace. I know that, but I'm saying that it's not a furnace, it's a furnace. I know that
you are not standing in line. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
they are afraid of what they see.  The question is what might a person be if they watch a horror movie? Answer is fearful because they are afraid of what they see.  The question is what might a person be if they watch a horror movie? Answer
it's the most popular place to buy gold.  Question is where would you buy wearable gold? Answer is jewelry store because it's the most popular place to buy gold.  Question is where would you buy wearable gold? Answer is jewelry store because it's the most popular place to
of the reaction.
of the heat.  Question is what is the difference between a person who is a good listener and a person who is a good talker? Answer is a good listener listens to what the other person is saying and a
he was not able to stand.  Q: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  A: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.
it's a finite planet.  So, if we're going to be honest, we have to admit that the earth is finite.  So, if we're going to be honest, we have to admit that the earth is finite.  I'm
it's a field. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure he's asking where the catwalk is likely to be. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the fieldhouse is a field. I know
they don't believe in god.  I'm not sure what you mean by "believe in the divine". I don't believe in the divine, but I don't think that makes me godless.  I think the question is more about whether
of the high calorie intake.  The answer is correct.  The correct answer is obesity because of the high calorie intake.  The correct answer is obesity because of the high calorie intake.  The correct answer is obesity because of the high calorie intake.
he used flat rocks to create a waterfall.  Question: What is the difference between a pond and a waterfall?  Answer: A pond is a body of water that is
the wood was rough to the touch.  Question: What is the difference between a woodworker and a carpenter?  Answer: A woodworker is a person who makes things out of wood. A carpenter is a person
that is the only reason for sex.  So, if you are a man, you are likely to want to have sex with a woman because you want to have a child. If you are a woman, you are likely to want to have sex with a man
they are in a state of deep thought.  Question: What is the state of a human contemplating something?  Answer: Deep thought.  Question: What is the state of a human contemplating something?  Answer: Deep thought.
squirrels are not native to the area.  Question is there was a sign telling picnickers not to feed squirrels, where was this sign likely placed? Answer is park because squirrels are not native to the area
of grooming can be costly.  The first mistake is to groom too much. If you groom too much, you will be too tired to do other things. You will be too tired to do other things.  The second mistake is to groom too little. If you groom too little,
it's the only room that has a comforter.  Question: What is the difference between a comforter and a duvet?  Answer: A comforter is a blanket that
they are looking for terrorists.  The TSA is not looking for terrorists. They are looking for weapons.  The TSA is not looking for weapons. They are looking for weapons that can be used to kill people.  The TSA is not looking for weapons. They
they were doing things the same.  The first thing they did was to go to the same place. They went to the same place because they were doing things the same.  The second thing they did was to go to the same place.
management did what?  The union workers are not going to go on strike because management did what? The union workers are going to go on strike because management did not do what?  The union workers are not going to go on strike because management did not
the trim is not a wall. I think you're missing the point. The trim is not a wall, but it is a line between the floor and the wall. I think you're missing the point. The trim is not a wall, but it is
they were.
you can't see the game. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's
they have all the parts.  Question: What is the difference between a computer and a computer store? Answer: A computer is a complex system. Computer store is a place where you can buy a complex system.  Question: What is the difference between a computer and a computer
you know what's in it.  I'm not sure if I'm going to make this bread again. I'm not sure if I'm going to make this bread again. I'm not sure if I'm going to make this
it's blocking driveway. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but the person who is blocking the driveway is the one who is supposed to move their car. I'm
it is the most important thing.  Question is what is the primary duty of a chef? Answer is prepare food because it is the most important thing.  Question is what is the primary duty of a chef? Answer is prepare food because it is the most important thing.
of grooming.  I am not saying that the man is not a good person, but he is not a good employee.  I am not saying that the man is not a good person, but he is not a
it's a marmoset. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is france because it's a marmoset.
she was committed, she would show up.  Q. What is the likelihood that she would show up?  A. She would show up.  Q. What is the likelihood that she would
people are not going to be surprised by something they already know.  I think the problem is that people are expecting a lot of things.  I think the problem is that people are expecting a lot of things.  I think the problem is that people
you can't buy gum, candy and popcorn before watching movies.  Question: You can buy gum, candy and popcorn before watching what?  Answer: Movies because you can't buy gum, candy and popcorn before watching movies.  Question: You can buy
of stairs. I think the question is more about the fact that the stairs are so narrow that you can't walk down them without taking a step sideways. I think the question is more about the fact that the stairs are so narrow that you can
of the heat.  Question: What is the difference between a foil and a sabre?Answer: The difference is that in foil you can use your hand and in sabre you can't.  Question: What is the difference between a foil and a sab
it's the best way to celebrate a marriage. I think the question is more about what is a well known way for couples to celebrate a marriage.
it is a fine picture.  The question is where might one see a fine picture as the background of their surrounding environment? Answer is art show because it is a fine picture.  The question is where might one see a fine picture as the
they were both in love with each other.  Question: What is the difference between a relationship and a marriage?  Answer: A relationship is a relationship, marriage is a marriage.  Question: What is
he was a good boy. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it's the only thing that matters.  I think the question is more about what would encourage someone to continue playing tennis.  I think the answer is that it's the only thing that matters.  I think the question is more about what would encourage someone to continue playing
it is a furniture.  The second question is how to make a book shelf? Answer is you can make a book shelf by yourself.  The third question is how to make a book shelf? Answer is you can make a book shelf by yourself.  The
music is a form of art.  Music is a form of art.  Music is a form of art.  Music is a form of art.  Music is a form of art.  Music is a form of art.  Music is a
she was going to take them home and eat them.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that the lady was going to take the chips home and eat
it was a roof tile.  Question: What is the difference between a roof tile and a roof shingle?  Answer: A roof tile is a flat piece of roofing material that is used to cover the roof of a building.
you are tired.  So, if you are tired, you are going to doze.  If you are not tired, you are not going to doze.  If you are not going to doze, you are not going to be
of the lineup change.  The coach made a lineup change, the team's effort was suffering from what?  Answer is stagnation because of the lineup change.  I think the coach made a lineup change because the team was suffering
she was a friend of the owner.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the article is a bit misleading.  I'm saying that the article is a bit misleading.  I
he was a great man.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man has a penis and a woman has a vagina.  Question: What is the difference between a
it is the most common.  The question is what falls out of the sky but is generally well received? Answer is rain water because it is the most common.  I think the question is what falls out of the sky but is generally well received? Answer
she was a star.  I think the question is more about why she moved to Hollywood. She was a star in her own country, and she was a star in Hollywood. She was a star in both places, but she moved to Hollywood to become a
you are a bad person. I think you're missing the point.
it's a hotel. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
it's a house. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure he's asking where the window is in the house. I'm not joking. I'm just trying to make a joke.
it's still unbaked. I think the question is more like "If you have a cake that is still unbaked, where should you put it?" I think the question is more like "If you have a cake that is still unbaked, where
it is a milking machine.  The milking machine is a machine that milks cows. It is a machine that milks cows. It is a machine that milks cows. It is a machine that milks cows. It is a machine that milks cows. It
you can get maps from there.  You can get maps from cabinet.  You can get maps from cabinet.  You can get maps from cabinet.  You can get maps from cabinet.  You can get maps from cabinet.  You can get
he was a dog. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure the answer is "teeth". I'm not joking. I'm just not sure if you're joking or not.
you are alive.  I was hiking for a short time. I was hiking for a short time. I was hiking for a short time. I was hiking for a short time. I was hiking for a short time. I was hiking for a short time.
they are not confused.  Question is if children get confused walking home where may they go? Answer is wrong house because they are not confused.  Question is if children get confused walking home where may they go? Answer is wrong house because they are not confused.
they are so cute.  I have a ferret and I love him. He is a very good pet. He is very smart and very playful. He is very active and loves to play. He is very good with other animals. He is
that's what they were doing. I think the point is that they were using sex to sell beer, but they were also using sex to sell beer to men.
they are in the food business.  I think the question is more about the people who own restaurants and the people who work in restaurants.  I think the question is more about the people who own restaurants and the people who work in restaurants.  I think the
i bought it with my own money. I think you're missing the point.
you have to pay it.  Question is what is a reason to pay your television bill? Answer is legal because you have to pay it.  Question is what is a reason to pay your television bill? Answer is legal because you have to pay it.  Question
he is a man who is unbreakable.  Question: What is the meaning of the movie? Answer: The movie is about a man who is a fragile man. He is causing accidents.
it's a social activity.  I'm not sure I understand your point.  I think he's saying that the reason people chat with friends is to socialize, and that the reason people socialize is to bond.  I think he's saying
we are animals.
the river is flowing and the land is flat.  Answer is the river delta because the river is flowing and the land is flat.  Question is what is the difference between a river delta and a lake delta? Answer
they have a lot of monkeys. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's exactly how it works
blood is a liquid.  The capillaries are the smallest blood vessels in the body. They are located in the skin, muscles, and other tissues. The capillaries are the smallest blood vessels in the body. They are located in the skin, muscles, and other
it's a plant. I think you're missing the point.
they are going to be running.  The same is true for the church. We are going to be running. We are going to be running to the cross. We are going to be running to the throne of grace. We are going to be running to the
it's a form of communication.  I think the question is more about what does playing guitar cause a person to do.  I think the answer is making music because it's a form of communication.  I think the question is more about what does playing guitar
it is the most common gesture.  Now, if you are a woman, you are more likely to be approached by a man than a man is to be approached by a woman. So, if you are a woman, you are more likely to be approached by
it is a rectangle.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what is a square constructed of? Answer is four sides because it is a rectangle.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what is a square constructed of? Answer is four sides
band is a group of people who play together.  I think you are right. I think the question is who can I play with if I know how to play an upright piano. The answer is band because band is a group of people who play together
it's easier to clean.  I'm not sure if you're trying to be funny or not, but I'm not sure if you're trying to be funny or not.  I'm not sure if you're trying to be
he is surrounded by water.
the church is located near a store.
it's south of the Mason-Dixon line. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but the Mason-Dixon line is a line drawn by the US government to divide the North and South. It's not a natural border. I'm not joking.
they have many pairs of jeans.  Question: What is the difference between a closet and a wardrobe?  Answer: A closet is a small room where you store clothes. A wardrobe is a large room where you store clothes.  Question:
it's a jar. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. It's a joke. I'm saying that the question is a joke. Oh, I see. I thought you
the match is lit.  The answer is illumination because the match is lit.  The answer is illumination because the match is lit.  The answer is illumination because the match is lit.  The answer is illumination because the match is lit.
it was a small town.  The question is a sporting goods store is usually found in shopping squares and malls, but the privately owned shop was just right there in the small town. The answer
he is a good person. I think the question was more like "why do you like rap?" I think the question was more like "why do you like rap?"
the package was not delivered.  I'm not sure what you mean by "the carrier had to do". The carrier did not have to do anything. The carrier did not have to take away the package. The carrier did
it's a road. I think you're missing the point. The road is a dead end. The road is not a road. The road is a dead end. The road is not a road. The road is a dead end. The
of the oil and gas industry.  The question is why do we have to consider a hurricane? Answer is because of the oil and gas industry.  The question is why do we have to consider a hurricane? Answer is because
you are playing a sport.  Question: What is the difference between a baseball and a softball?  Answer: A baseball is a hard ball and a softball is a ball made of rubber.  Question: What is
they are not able to understand the change.  I think the answer is more complex than that. I think it's more about the fact that the old conservative people are not able to understand the change.  I think the answer is more complex than that
they meet in the church.  Question: What is the committee? Answer: The committee is the church.  Question: What is the committee? Answer: The committee is the church.  Question: What is the committee?
he was a waiter.  Question: What is the difference between a waiter and a waitress?Answer: A waiter is a person who serves food and drinks to customers. A waitress is a person who serves food and drinks to customers and also
he's a ficus. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it's a lizard. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what the question was asking. I'm not joking. I'm just trying to make a joke.
it is the opposite of an area of elevation.  Question: What is the opposite of a point? Answer: A line.  Question: What is the opposite of a line? Answer: A plane.  Question: What is the opposite of a plane? Answer
the sun sets at night.  Question: What is the difference between a night attack and a day attack? Answer: A night attack is when the enemy is asleep.  Question: What is the difference between a night attack and a day attack?
he was in the present.  The mind is the most important part of the body. It is the most important part of the body because it is the part that makes the body. The body is the most important part of the mind because it is the part that makes
he is in the auditorium. I'm not sure I understand.
the ship is still in the storm.  The ship is still in the storm. The ship is still in the storm. The ship is still in the storm. The ship is still in the storm. The ship is still in the storm.
the murderer is a family member.  The murderer is a family member.  The murderer is a family member.  The murderer is a family member.  The murderer is a family member.  The murderer is a family member.
they are using it to treat pain.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the question is not about the use of lasers to alleviate suffering, but about the use of lasers to treat pain.  I'm
it is addictive.  The pleasure of smoking is a reward for the smoker. The reward is the pleasure of smoking. The reward is the pleasure of smoking. The reward is the pleasure of smoking. The reward is the pleasure of smoking. The reward is the pleasure of smoking. The reward is the
you can't play without practice.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad player? Answer: A good player is a player who can play well. A bad player is a player who can't play well.  Question: What is the difference
the dog was wild.  The dog was wild and didn't listen to its owner, the person had never given it what?  Answer is punishment because the dog was wild.  The dog was wild and didn't
it's the only place you can get a good view of the hair. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a joke. I'm not joking. I'm serious.
i'm playing ball.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say
of the close contact with other students.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The answer is correct.  The
it's the only place that sells clothes. I think you're missing the point.
you are not interested in what you are watching.  So, what can you do to make it interesting?  First of all, you can change the channel.  Second, you can change the channel.  Third, you
it's the only ocean that has great white sharks. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking where the great white shark is most commonly found, not where it is most commonly found. The answer is the pacific ocean because it is the
he was not able to write it down.  The teacher was not able to write down the answer because he was not able to speak up.  The teacher was not able to write down the answer because he was not able to speak up
mall has everything.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.  I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.  I'm
he knew they were fake.  Question: How did the archaeologist know they were fake? Answer: He knew because he had seen them before.  Question: How did the archaeologist know they were fake? Answer: He knew because
they were going to put in new carpet.  Question: Why did they have to move all the benches? Answer: Because they were going to put in new carpet.  Question: Why did they have to move all the
it was the first state to legalize recreational marijuana in the united states.  The first state to legalize recreational marijuana in the united states was colorado.  The first state to legalize recreational marijuana in the united states was colorado.  The
i was craving it. I think you're missing the point.
it's a question. I think the question is asking if Sarah was a good person, and the answer is no. I think the question is asking if Sarah was a good person
it's a bathroom. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm
that's where they are. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
it's a gift.  The child was getting many gifts for his birthday, his father reminded him to do what after opening each one? Answer is say thank because it's a gift.  The child was
it's a piccolo. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a clarinet. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's a clarinet.
they are cats. I think you mean "annoy because they are cats." I think you mean "annoy because they are cats." I think you mean "annoy because they are cats." I think you mean "annoy because they are cats."
it is the only country where disco is still alive.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll answer anyway.  Disco is still alive in Germany, but it's not the same as it
you can play it anywhere.  I think that's a good answer. I would like to play board games with my family. I think it would be fun. I think it would be a good way to spend time together. I think it would be a good way to
it's a big house.  The question is where would a soprano sing live for money?  The answer is opera house because it's a big house.  The question is where would a soprano sing live for money?  The
they were members.  Q. What was the name of the spa?  A. Spa at the Country Club.  Q. What was the name of the country club?  A. Country Club of Palm Beach
you are a good person. I'm not sure I understand.
you can see the moon.  The same is true for the sun. If you cannot see the sun because it is too dark, what can you distinguish? Answer is day or night because you can see the moon.  The
they want to move on to the next thing.  So, if you want to complete something fast, you want to do it in a perfunctory way.  Now, the question is what does someone want to do fast when
milk contains calcium.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what does a person get from drinking milk? Answer is strong bones because milk contains calcium.  Now, let's explain question and answer. Question is what does a person get from drinking milk?
they are the only ones who have a lot of paper to pick up.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to assume it's not.  I
they are mammals. I think you're missing the point. The question is why do cats have four legs, and the answer is because they are mammals. The question is why do cats have four legs, and the answer is because they are mammals. The question
quark is the smallest particle that makes up hadrons.  Quark is the smallest particle that makes up hadrons.  Quark is the smallest particle that makes up hadrons.  Quark is the smallest particle that makes up had
you can't be good at playing tennis without skill.  I think you are confusing skill with talent. Skill is something that can be learned. Talent is something that can't be learned.  I think you are confusing skill with talent. Skill is something that can be learned
it's the most important thing. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm saying that you should build a building first. I
he is a bad sushi. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
of the injury.  The worst outcome of an injury is death.  The worst outcome of an injury is death.  The worst outcome of an injury is death.  The worst outcome of an injury is death.  The worst outcome of an injury is
you are not surprised. I'm not surprised because I'm not surprised.
it's a shelf. I think you're missing the point.
mouse is small.  Question: What is the difference between a mouse and a rat? Answer: A mouse is a small rat.  Question: What is the difference between a mouse and a rat? Answer: A mouse is a small rat.  Question
they have everything.  Question: What is the difference between a department store and a supermarket? Answer: Department store has everything.  Question: What is the difference between a department store and a supermarket? Answer: Department store has everything.  Question: What is the
it's a letter. I think you're missing the point.
I'm waiting for the bus. I'm not sure I understand.
it is a pool of chlorinated dihydrogen monoxide. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
you can't live without it. I think you're missing the point.
he was a jerk.  I think you're right. I think the reason he didn't have much respect for her was because he was a jerk.  I think you're right. I think the reason he didn't have
they are not allowed to carry a pistol in war.  The answer is not correct. The answer is correct. The answer is correct. The answer is correct. The answer is correct. The answer is correct. The answer is correct. The answer is correct.
it was the only way to record something on it.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I'm looking for a good place to ask this question.  I'm looking for a good place
you're typing too much.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but I'm curious about the following: I've been using Vim for a while now, and I'm pretty comfortable with it
the monkey is french.  The French government is a circus monkey?  Yes, the French government is a circus monkey.  Why?  Because the French government is a circus monkey.  Why?
he was writing.
it's a tree. I think you're missing the point. The snake is hanging from the tree. The snake is hanging from the tree. The snake is hanging from the tree. The snake is hanging from the tree. The snake is hanging from the tree.
he got a C.  Now, let's look at the same situation. Question is he looked at his report card and felt pride, what was accomplished? Answer is pass class because he got a B.  Now, let's look at the
he knew that the tomatoes were dying.  The person saw the tomatoes were dying, what did he do next?  Answer is water garden because he knew that the tomatoes were dying.  The person saw the tomatoes were dying, what did he
they are eating something green.  Question is where could you find insects eating something green? Answer is field because they are eating something green.  Question is where could you find insects eating something green? Answer is field because they are eating something green.  Question is where could
it's a nest. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not the answer. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the answer. I'm not joking
he was not able to keep track of conversations that he didn't do what to?  Answer is initiate because he was not able to keep track of conversations that he didn't do what to?
he was hit by the laser light.  The second question is, how did he describe the laser light? Answer is he was hit by the laser light.  The third question is, how did he describe the laser light? Answer is he was hit by
he was found not guilty.
they are the ones who have to fight for the females.  The question is, why do we have to fight for the females?  The answer is because we are the ones who have to fight for the females.  The question is, why do we
you are not in the air. I think the question is more like, what happens if you trip while playing basketball? Answer is you fall down because you are not in the air. I think the question is more like, what happens if you trip while playing basketball? Answer
it is a form of entertainment.  The question is what do people who want to unwind by listening to music find music to be? Answer is relaxing because it is a form of entertainment.  I think the question is more about what
it's fun.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to answer it anyway.  I'm going to assume that you're talking about the washing machine.  I'm going to assume that you're talking about the
it is a potato.  The answer is a bushel basket because it is a potato.  The answer is a bushel basket because it is a potato.  The answer is a bushel basket because it is a potato.
we have to digest food to get energy.  Question: What is the difference between digestion and assimilation?  Answer: Digestion is the process of breaking down food into smaller pieces. Assimilation is the process of absorbing the nutrients from the food.  Question:
of the bus fare.  Question is what might make a person stop driving to work and instead take the bus? Answer is transportation cost because of the bus fare.  I think the question is what might make a person stop driving to work and
they are going to be going faster than the speed of sound.  Question is what do airplanes do as they are beginning to take off? Answer is speed up because they are going to be going faster than the speed of sound.  Question is what do airplanes
it is in new york city.  The empire state building is located in new york city.  The empire state building is located in new york city.  The empire state building is located in new york city.
you love life.  Question: What is the meaning of life?  Answer: Life is the meaning of life.  Question: What is the meaning of life?  Answer: Life is the meaning of life.  Question: What is the meaning of life
it's the capital of the UK. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is london because it's the capital of the UK
you are walking in the middle of the road.  I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea.  I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea.  I
it is above the cloud line.  Question: What is the difference between a cloud and a mountain? Answer: A cloud is a mountain that is too small to be seen.  Question: What is the difference between a cloud and a mountain? Answer:
you can buy beans there.  Question is if you do not have a bean, where would you go to get one? Answer is food store because you can buy beans there.  Question is if you do not have a bean, where
you are hungry.  I have a question. I have a friend who is a very good friend of mine. He is a very good friend of mine. He is a very good friend of mine. He is a very good friend
the sentence was not fair.  The question is where might someone go after dealing with a passing sentence? Answer is appeals because the sentence was not fair.  The question is where might someone go after dealing with a passing sentence? Answer is appeals because the sentence was not
it's a computer crash. I think the question is what is a computer user likely to think a computer crash is? The answer is hell because it's a computer crash.
it is a good thing.  I think the question is more about the fact that the person who is killing people is happy about it.  I think the question is more about the fact that the person who is killing people is happy about it.  I think the question is
they are always looking for a weasel.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'll bite.  I'm
they are training. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's exactly what he meant.
the family member will be the one to pay for the suit.  I think the question is asking if the family member is the one who is suing, will the rest of the family be able to sue the person who is suing?  I
he is likely to miss them.  Question is a person misses his aunt, what is he likely to do about it? Answer is visit relatives because he is likely to miss them.  Question is a person misses his aunt, what is he
she was the only one who could come.  The kids were excited and asked when they were coming? She said they were coming in a few days.  The kids asked when they were coming
he was in bed for so long. I think the answer is "bed sores" because the nurse would be moving him around to prevent them. I think the answer is "
of running.  Question is how would someone feel after going for run? Answer is get tired because of running.  Question is how would someone feel after going for run? Answer is get tired because of running.  Question is how would someone feel after going for run
oven is most likely found where?  Question is your oven is most likely found where? Answer is own home because oven is most likely found where?  Question is your oven is most likely found where? Answer is own home because oven is most likely found where?  Question
it's a place where you can keep tools and you can keep them organized.  Question is you often keep tools in a box in your? Answer is garage because it's a place where you can keep tools and you can keep them organized.  Question is you often keep
he is getting something important.
she was so happy.  I think that the music is very beautiful. I think that the music is very beautiful because it is very beautiful. I think that the music is very beautiful because it is very beautiful. I think that the music is very beautiful
it was a hindrance to the diners.  I'm not sure what the point of this article is. It's not like the restaurant was going to keep the cover up.  I'm not sure what the point
the space needle is in seattle.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but I'm looking for a good place to get a good burger in Seattle. I've
it's a roaster.
it was a surprise.  Question: What is the difference between a surprise and a trick?  Answer: A surprise is something that you don't expect. A trick is something that you expect.  Question: What is the difference between a surprise and a
they did not do what she told them to do.  The teacher is the authority in the school, she is the one who gives out the punishment. The students are the ones who are disobedient.
it is the most common form of antibiotic.  I have a question about the gel coating. I have been taking a capsule antibiotic for a few months now. I have been taking it with food and it has been working great. I have
you are awake.  Question: What is the difference between a dream and a nightmare?  Answer: A dream is a dream. A nightmare is a nightmare.  Question: What is the difference between a nightmare and a nightmare?  Answer: A nightmare is
you don't know anybody.  Q: What do you do when you're bored?  A: I go to the library and read.  Q: What do you do when you're sad?  A: I go to the library
beavers live in woodlands.  Question: What is the difference between a beaver and a beaver? Answer: A beaver is a mammal and a beaver is a rodent.  Question: What is the difference between a beaver and a be
you have created a new life.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer:
it's the only place they can find chocolate.  I think the answer is a bit more complicated than that. I think the answer is that a child would be happy to find chocolate in a Christmas stocking because it is the only place they can find chocolate.
they are used in gambling.  The question is where is one likely to find poker chips? Answer is bar because they are used in gambling.  The question is where is one likely to find poker chips? Answer is bar because they are used in gambling.  The question
you can't get a jury to agree with you.  I think the question is whether the civil action is a good idea. I think the answer is no.  I think the question is whether the civil action is a good idea. I think the answer is
you're driving. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant. I'm not joking. I'm just trying to help him out. I'm not sure if you're joking or not,
they could do more than one thing at a time.  Question is an underrated thing about computers is how they manage workflow, at one time it was a big deal when they could first do what
they are pirates.  Question is you will find many a cannon on what vessel full of criminals? Answer is pirate ship because they are pirates.  Click to expand...  I think you're missing the point. The pirates are the criminals. The
it's tall and the snake can't see you.  The snake is a predator. It's a hunter. It's a killer. It's a killer of other animals. It's a killer of other snakes. It's a killer of other snakes that are bigger than
you are a fucking idiot. I think the question is more about the fact that he's a fucking idiot.
he was traveling to a business meeting.  The traveling business man was glad his credit card had perks, it offset the high prices for travel from a what? Answer is airport because he was traveling to a business meeting
it was stopped.  Question: What is the difference between a turn signal and a stop signal? Answer: A turn signal is a signal that is used to indicate a turn. A stop signal is a signal that is used to indicate a stop.
it was the only place where it could be displayed.  The museum was opened in 1894. It was the first museum in the world. It was opened in the same year as the first exhibition of the world's first airplane.
they are not likely to go there.  Question is where is a snake not likely to go? Answer is creeks because they are not likely to go there.  I think the answer is that snakes are not likely to go to creeks because they are
blood bank collects blood from donors and then give it to patients.  Blood bank is a place where blood is collected from donors and then given to patients.  Blood bank is a place where blood is collected from donors and then given to patients.  Blood bank is a place
the skin was cut on the side of the finger.  The skin was cut on the side of the finger because the skin was cut on the side of the finger.  The skin was cut on the side of the finger because the skin was cut
you can buy the tree there.  Question is if you wanted to grow a tree, you'd probably start where? Answer is garden center because you can buy the tree there.  Question is if you wanted to grow a tree, you'd
it is the only way to get grapes out of the vine.  Question is where are small grapes used? Answer is wine press because it is the only way to get grapes out of the vine.  Question is where are small grapes used? Answer is wine press because it is the only
he was sitting on the floor. I think the joke is that the answer is "his butt hurt from sitting in a hard plastic chair all that time."
she lives there.  Question: What is the difference between a noun and a verb?  Answer: A noun is a word that describes a person, place, thing, or idea.
they are cheaper.  Question is how do you get your birth control pills? Answer is you go to the drug store and buy them.  Question is how much do you pay for your birth control pills? Answer is $10.00.  Question is how many
viking ship is the only ship that can carry pelts of weasel.  I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm going to answer it anyway.  The answer is a Viking ship
it is a good place to keep a saucer you don't use but want to look at. I think you're on to something. I'll have to try that.
laddie is a townie.
it is a place where people eat.  Question is i went to a party at my friend's house in new york and everyone there shared a meal in what eating place? Answer is dining room
they are bored.  Question: What do you do when you are bored?  Answer: Go out to play.  Question: What do you do when you are bored?  Answer: Go out to play.  Question:
it's a fruit. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just not sure if you're being sarcastic or not
it is used to cook beans.  Question is what is used to make beans into a drink? Answer is cooking pot because it is used to cook beans.  Answer is cooking pot because it is used to cook beans.  Question is what is used to make
you ate too much. I think you're missing the point.
i am a person.  Now, if you are a person, you have a unique ability to stand upright.  If you are a person, you have a unique ability to stand upright.  If you are a person, you have
it's the first meal of the day.
printer is a device that prints.  I think you are missing the point. The question is not about what you fill with ink to print. The question is about what you fill with ink to print.  The question is about what you fill with ink to print. The answer
it's the only place where they can prepare for a game.  Question: What is the difference between a coach and a manager? Answer: A coach is a person who is responsible for the team. A manager is a person who is responsible for the team.
it is the place where the sun is.  Question: What is the difference between a shadow and a shadow? Answer: A shadow is a shadow.  Question: What is the difference between a shadow and a shadow? Answer: A shadow is a shadow.  Question: What
food passes through the mouth and then through the stomach and then through the small intestine and then through the large intestine.  Question: What is the difference between the alimentary canal and the digestive system?  Answer: The
they are convicted of murder.  Now, if you are convicted of a crime, you are incarcerated. If you are convicted of a crime, you are incarcerated. If you are convicted of a crime, you are incarcerated. If you are convicted of a
you are under oath.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.  I'm saying that if you're under oath and you lie, you can be charged with perjury.
he is the only one who can help.  Question is a person is alone in the woods and wounded, what should he do? Answer is doctor himself because he is the only one who can help.  Question is a person is alone in
you have to undress in front of other people.  Question: What is the difference between a shower and a bath? Answer: A shower is a place where you wash your body. A bath is a place where you wash your hair.
we know what happens to the dog. I think the question is more like "What is the movie that makes you cry the most?" I think the question is more like "What is the movie that makes you cry the most?"
i was entertained.  I was entertained while watching film, what is my reaction to it?  Answer is like because i was entertained.  I was entertained while watching film, what is my reaction to it?  Answer is like because i
you killed someone.  The question is what is the legal consequence of killing likely to be?  Answer is being imprisoned because you killed someone.  The question is what is the legal consequence of killing likely to be?  Answer is being imprisoned because you
he was a farmer. I think the question is "what was the first thing he put in his burlap sack?" I think the answer is "a potato" because he was a farmer. I think the question is "what was the first thing
of hunger.  Question: What is the difference between a human and a dog? Answer: A dog is a dog and a human is a human.  Question: What is the difference between a human and a pig? Answer: A human is a human and a pig
they are not gay. I'm not gay, but I'd go see a movie with my gay friend. I'm not gay, but I'd go see a movie with my straight friend. I'm not straight, but I'd go
they were so playful and cute.  Question: What is the difference between a baby elephant and a baby giraffe?  Answer: Baby elephants are playful and cute, baby giraffes are not.  Question
of divorce.  Question: What is the negative effect to someone other than a spouse when two spouses are getting divorced?  Answer: Children suffer because of divorce.  Question: What is the negative effect to someone other than
it's a tool. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm being serious. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not,
of too much food.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad day? Answer: A good day is when you are happy and a bad day is when you are sad.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad
it's a carnival.  Question is there is plenty of noise when you're at what celebration featuring food and games? Answer is carnival because it's a carnival.  Question is there is plenty of noise when you're at
they will be able to ask questions.  I think the teacher is answering questions because she is a teacher and she is supposed to answer questions.  I think the teacher is answering questions because she is a teacher and she is supposed to answer questions.  I think the
of fear. I think you're missing the point.
of age.  Question: Why do people grow shorter? Answer: Because they get older.  Question: Why do people grow shorter? Answer: Because they get older.  Question: Why do people grow shorter? Answer: Because they get older.
of the way you look. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not sure how you can say that. I'm not a very attractive person, and I've never been approached by a lot of people. I'm not being
it's a boat. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
you need money to live.  Question is what is the main goal of work outside of the home? Answer is earn money because you need money to live.  Question is what is the main goal of work outside of the home? Answer is earn money because
it is a part of human experience.  Question: What is the difference between sex and gender?  Answer: Sex is biological. Gender is a social construct.  Question: What is the difference between sex and gender?  Answer: Sex is
it's a song.  I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good
it's a small store. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what OP meant. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just trying to help OP
he was expecting to die.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question: What is
it is a hotel.  I think the question is more about the music being played in the elevator.  I think the question is more about the music being played in the elevator.  I think the question is more about the music being played in the elevator
city is the place where people live.  Question 2: What is a place that has a lot of sporting goods store? Answer is city because city is the place where people live.  Question 3: What is a place that has a lot of sporting goods
music is a great motivator.  Question: What is the most common reason for a person to drink alcohol? Answer: To relax.  Question: What is the most common reason for a person to drink alcohol? Answer: To relax.
they are found in the province of british columbia.  The bald eagle is the national bird of the united states. It is also the national bird of canada. It is
they are the ones who are going to buy it.  "The crab is a very popular food in the Far East and it is a very popular food in the Far East because it is a very popular food in the Far East."  The crab is a very
they are not native to the area. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but marmots are native to the Midwest. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not joking
they are facts.  Question is what do professors do to prove their points? Answer is state facts because they are facts.  I think you are missing the point. The point is that the professor is not doing his job. He is not teaching the students the facts.
they are playing.  2. What is the difference between a noun and a verb?  A noun is a word that describes a person, place, thing, or idea. A verb is a word that tells what someone or something does.  3.
it is the most convenient way to carry them.  The case is made of high quality leather and it is very durable. It is also very light and easy to carry.  The case is very spacious and it can hold all your instruments.  The case is very easy
it is the most convenient place to put them.  The same is with the life. We have to reach our destination. We have to reach our goal. We have to reach our destination. We have to reach our goal. We have to reach our
bugles are used in brass bands.  Question: What is the difference between a bugle and a trumpet? Answer: Bugles are used in brass bands.  Question: What is the difference between a bugle and a trumpet? Answer: Bugles are
she's warm. I think the question is, why did she get an extra blanket? Because she was cold. I think the question is, why was she cold? Because she was in a cold room. I think
it is the most important room in the house.  Question is what is the most important room in the house? Answer is bedroom because it is the most important room in the house.  Question is what is the most important room in the house? Answer is bedroom because it is
of ice. I think you're missing the point.
it's a shark. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or
it has the most skyscrapers. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure he's asking what the largest city in the US is. I'm not being sarcastic.
he was tired.  2. What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer is a question is a statement and an answer is a question.  3. What is the difference between a question and an answer?  Answer is a question
it is interesting.  Question is what class activity is unlikely to cause boredom? Answer is watch film because it is interesting.  Question is what class activity is unlikely to cause boredom? Answer is watch film because it is interesting.  Question is what class activity is unlikely
it's the only state that has a coast. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not true. I'm not being serious. I'm just saying that the only state that has a
they are creating a new life.  Question: What is the difference between a baby and a baby? Answer: A baby is a baby.  Question: What is the difference between a baby and a baby? Answer: A baby is a baby.
it's in the kitchen. I think the question is more like "What room would you expect to find the sugar in?" I think the question is more like "What room would you expect to find the sugar in?"
it's a meeting.  I think the question is more about the context of the meeting.  I think the question is more about the context of the meeting.  I think the question is more about the context of the meeting.  I think the question
it was a military plane.  Question: What was the name of the plane? Answer: It was a military plane.  Question: What was the name of the pilot? Answer: It was a military pilot.  Question
she is not allowed to go to school without a dress.  Question: What does a child learn to do before school?  Answer: Dress herself because she is not allowed to go to school without a dress.  Question: What does a child learn to do
it is a cabinet.  Question is where can a television be stored and hidden? Answer is cabinet because it is a cabinet.  Question is where can a television be stored and hidden? Answer is cabinet because it is a cabinet.  Question is where can a television be
you can do it from bed.  I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this, but I'm going to anyway. I'm a college student and I'm trying to get a job. I've
it was a robot.  The robot was able to read books because it was a robot.  The robot was able to read books because it was a robot.  The robot was able to read books because it was a robot
snakes are cold blooded and need to stay warm.  Question: What is the difference between a snake and a snake? Answer: A snake is a snake.  Question: What is the difference between a snake and a snake? Answer: A snake is a snake.  Question
they can't what the originals.  The children play cards often, but they make their own rules because they can't what the originals?  Answer is remember because they can't what the originals.  The children play
maids are trained to clean house.  Question: What is the end result of hiring a maid?  Answer: Clean house because maids are trained to clean house.  Question: What is the end result of hiring a maid?  Answer: Clean
it is very addictive.  Question is what is something children do at home that is very addictive? Answer is watch television because it is very addictive.  Question is what is something children do at home that is very addictive? Answer is watch television because it is
they are not used to it.  The cat is a very intelligent animal. It is a very good hunter. It is a very good climber. It is a very good climber. It is a very good climber. It is a very good climber
he was annoyed by the turtle.
they are used for many things.  I have a question for you. What do you think about the rubber band?  I have a question for you. What do you think about the rubber band?  I have a question for you. What do you think about the rubber band
you have to chew to eat.  Question: How do you eat?  Answer: You chew.  Question: How do you eat?  Answer: You chew.  Question: How do you eat?  Answer: You chew.  Question: How do
it's a supermarket. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's the joke. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that it's not a joke. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but
foxes live in mountains.  Question: What is the habitat of the fox?  Answer: Mountains  Question: What is the habitat of the fox?  Answer: Mountains  Question: What is the habitat of the fox?  Answer: Mountains
it is a chemical reaction.  Question is what common chemical reaction is often used as a heat source? Answer is fire because it is a chemical reaction.  Answer is fire because it is a chemical reaction.  Answer is fire because it is a chemical reaction
she knew she was committing perjury.  And then the prosecutor asked her, what did you think when you were lying? And she said, I was scared.  And then the prosecutor asked her, what did you
they are not the same. I think the question is asking if the man and woman are the same person.
he ate a big dinner. I think you're missing the point.
the teacher was not aware of the parents concern.  The teacher was not aware of the parents concern because the teacher was not aware of the parents concern.  The teacher was not aware of the parents concern because the teacher was not aware of the parents
it is the only country that spans the entire breadth of the landmass. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm going to assume you're not.
it's a hedgehog.  Question: What animal has quills all over it?  Answer: Hedgehog.  Question: What animal has quills all over it?  Answer: Hedgehog.  Question: What animal has quills all over
they are the only ones who bet on them.  The question is where can you find gamblers who watch four legged animals? Answer is race track because they are the only ones who bet on them.  The question is where can you find gam
he was a musician.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Are you saying that the neck and bridge are the only things that make a guitar a guitar?  I'm not sure what you're trying to say
it's the most common language in Iran. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not true. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm
it's tradition.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the reason why people get married is because it's tradition.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that the reason
he was very enthusiastic.  Question: What is the difference between a man and a woman? Answer: A man is a man and a woman is a woman.  Question: What is the
they are turning left.  I'm not sure what you mean by "the light is blinking on the driver's side". If you mean the turn signal, then it means the driver is turning left. If you mean
they have all of those things. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he was asking. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is department store because they have all
it is a competition.  Question: What is the difference between a competition and a fight? Answer: A competition is a safe way to get out aggression.  Question: What is the difference between a competition and a fight?
he's a messy eater. I'm not sure I understand.
they are competent.  I think the question is more about what is someone not bad at their work likely to be?  I think the question is more about what is someone not bad at their work likely to be?  I think the question is more about
of alcohol.  Question: Why do people get drunk?  Answer: Alcohol is a depressant. It slows down the brain and body.  Question: Why do people get drunk?  Answer: Alcohol is a depressant.
they don't know what they are doing.  I have a real estate agent who is incompetent. I have a real estate agent who is incompetent. I have a real estate agent who is incompetent. I have a real estate agent who is incompetent. I have a real estate agent
they are wild animals.  Question: What is the difference between a marmoset and a monkey?  Answer: Marmoset is a small monkey.  Question: What is the difference between a marmoset and a
it helps you to organize your tasks.  The second question is what is the best way to make a list? Answer is make a list in a notebook.  The third question is what is the best way to organize your notebook?
it's the most likely place to find a car.  Question is where would a policeman be most likely to stop a car? Answer is roadblock because it's the most likely place to find a car.  Question is where would a policeman be most likely
of the lack of radio stations.  Question is where would you not be able to find a radio studio? Answer is clear area because of the lack of radio stations.  Question is where would you not be able to find a radio studio? Answer is clear
it was the most beautiful thing he had seen.  Question: What is the difference between a desert and a garden oasis?  Answer: A desert is a place where there is
he was in the bathroom.  Question: What is the best place for the troublemaker to sneak a smoke while he was in where, was in the bathroom?  Answer: School because he was in the bathroom
she is a construction worker. I think you're missing the point.
he was in a jazz band.  Question is what is the name of the song that artie shaw played clarinet in? Answer is "I'm a little teapot"  Question is what is the name of the song that art
he wanted to show off his car.  Question: What is the difference between a question and an answer? Answer: A question is a statement that asks a question. An answer is a statement that answers a question.  Question:
it is used to lift and move heavy loads.  Steel cable is a wire rope. It is used to lift and move heavy loads.  Steel cable is a wire rope. It is used to lift and move heavy loads.  Steel cable is a
it's not a question. I think the question is "what is the answer to the question?" I think the answer is "the answer to
they are animals.  I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question.  I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question.  I think that's a good question. I think
monkeys are not allowed in the united states.  The answer is friend's house because monkeys are not allowed in the united states.  The answer is friend's house because monkeys are not allowed in the united states.  The answer is
you can't get on the vehicle. I think he means the train that is going to the airport. Oh, I thought he meant the train that is going to the airport.
they are not wanted.  I have a question for you. Why do you think that the dog is not wanted?  I have a question for you. Why do you think that the dog is not wanted?  I have a question for you
he lives in ohio.
it is a country where lemurs are not native. I think you're right. I'm not sure why you're being downvoted. Because it's a stupid question. I think it's a pretty good question.
of lack of blood flow to the brain. I'm not sure if you're being serious or not, but I'm going to assume you are.
it is the best place to store stamps.  Stamps are very important for us. We use them to send letters and postcards. We also use them to make a stamp collection. We can buy stamps from the post office or from the store. We can also make our own
it is easy to steal.  Question: Where is a bicycle likely to be stolen? Answer: Street because it is easy to steal.  Question: Where is a bicycle likely to be stolen? Answer: Street because it is easy to steal.  Question: Where is
house is where air is. I think you're missing the point. The question is asking if you can breathe while sleeping, and the answer is yes. The question is asking if you can breathe while sleeping in a house, and the
you know how to use it.  I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.  I'm saying that if you spend time learning how to use something, you will be able to use it.
you don't have your tickets.  So, if you're going on vacation and you leave your tickets at home what might you experience when you get to the airport? Answer is panic because you don't have
he is a mechanic. I think you're right. I was thinking of the wrong question.
they are the ones who are doing the work. So, the question is, how do we make sure that the workers are the ones who are doing the work?  So, the answer is, we need to make sure
he is a michigan fan.
she was too busy. I think she was trying to say that she was too busy to work out, but she wanted to get in shape.
i was on guard duty.  I was on guard duty and i was on the tower. I was on the tower and i was on the tower. I was on the tower and i was on the tower. I was on the tower
it is a characteristic of one who wants to give assistance.  The characteristic of one who wants to give assistance is helpful.  The characteristic of one who wants to give assistance is helpful.  The characteristic of one who wants to give assistance is helpful.
of the need to see.  I think that the question is a bit too vague. I think that the question should be more specific. For example, if the question is "Where would glasses be needed by many people?" then the answer would be "in a meeting".
it is the national bird.  The bald eagle is the national bird of the United States. It is the national symbol of the United States. It is the national bird of the United States. It is the national bird of the United States
it's a hockey game. I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm not asking where the seats are, I'm asking why they're there. I'm not being sarcastic. I'm just saying that the answer is obvious. I'm not
it is a way to spend time with a loved one.  Question: What is the difference between a good and a bad kiss? Answer: A good kiss is a kiss that is pleasant and a bad kiss is a kiss that
he was studying under the table. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure the answer is "the table". I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or
he knew what to expect. I think it's more that he enjoyed remembering the past because he was able to understand it. He was able to understand it because he was able to remember it.
they are animals.  The vet was concerned about all of the blood he saw, where was the blood coming from? Answer is animals because they are animals.  The vet was concerned about all of the blood he saw, where
they are the only ones that can see.  Question: What is the difference between a spider and a person?  Answer: A spider has many eyes and a person has two eyes.  Question: What is the difference between a spider
you are not following the rules. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
they are not found in cities.  Question is where are horses found in fields? Answer is countryside because they are not found in cities.  Question is where are horses found in fields? Answer is countryside because they are not found in cities.  Question is where are horses found in
that is the only way to get into tertiary education.  Now, what does a person do after graduating from high school? Answer is go to college.  Now, what does a person do after graduating from college? Answer is go to graduate
it's a floor. I think you're missing the point. The joke is that the father is looking for the book on the floor, not the book on
you're about to use your plane ticket. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not
it's the only place where you can find human remains.  Question: What is the difference between a fossil and a skeleton? Answer: Fossil is a dead animal that has been preserved in the rock. Skeleton is a dead animal that has been preserved in the
it was tired. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but that's not how it works. I'm not joking. I'm not sure if you're joking or not. I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but that's not
