what kind of people will someone who is in charge of project look for? The answer is have knowledge.
what town is known for disco? The answer is rio de janeiro.
the student was contemplating the problem, that's when he made the what that led him to the answer? The answer is discovery.
what is mouthwash usually stored in? The answer is bottle.
what helps someone be a good teacher? The answer is interested students.
where is a system of electronic devices likely to be used in school? The answer is computer science.
if someone is fiddling with something what skill do they likely have? The answer is dexterity.
where does my body go after i am no longer living? The answer is graveyard.
how is someone in a new relationship likely to feel about kissing? The answer is shyness.
I framed the picture so I could look at it while I ate dinner, so where did I put it? The answer is table.
his compressor needed a new hose, where did he go? The answer is hardware store.
where can a person find the ann arbor expressway? The answer is michigan.
where would you put a light? The answer is desk.
what must a foreign exchange student do to get around in the new country? The answer is learn language.
what would a bald eagle be likely to avoid? The answer is soup.
what happens when snow on a mountain becomes heavy? The answer is avalanches.
what is someone likely to call a bazaar in the us? The answer is festival.
if you have a ticket and you are planning to eat hot dogs, where would you go? The answer is baseball stadium.
why does she sing so much? The answer is enjoy.
what is the name of the government building that houses the u.s. congress? The answer is capitol building.
johnny had a number of tools, including a hammer, which is needed because of his work.  where might he have worked? The answer is repair shop.
an adult called an engineer does what while on the job? The answer is drive train.
where could you find millions of jellyfish? The answer is north sea.
where can someone level up? The answer is video game.
when standing in queue for a long time you will more than likely be? The answer is daydreaming.
some people like to get things from as close to the source as possible, to achieve this for a potato you'd have to go where? The answer is farmer's field.
what should i do with a jumping rope? The answer is hopping.
where might you use a forklift to stack boxes onto shelves? The answer is warehouse.
the person was in the drawing room, but wanted to take his draft to be completed, where did he go? The answer is studio.
what are you using if there are speakers strapped on your ears? The answer is headphones.
what does an interstate highway go accross? The answer is united states of america.
two people were hanging around the quick stop.  they were getting hungry.    what might have they been doing? The answer is smoke pot.
what is the way that couples like to have fun? The answer is have sex.
I was having a bath for 4 hours, what might I suffer from physiologically? The answer is wrinkled skin.
the painter started to edge the room with tape, he always took extra care to make the lines clean and crisp when working with an what? The answer is interior.
what did the adult do before the job interview? The answer is dress himself.
how does a person go to space? The answer is space shuttle.
they were searching for rocks, so they missed the birds overhead as they stared at the what? The answer is ground.
where could a fungus grow and not be disturbed by sunlight? The answer is under rocks.
in hollywood,  beautiful isn't exceptional.  what is it? The answer is average.
a hurricane is similar to what other wind event? The answer is tornadoes.
what do people in a family typically do on the holidays? The answer is gather together.
what place could you go to and find an apple tree there? The answer is south africa.
when someone is having fun how can you physically see it on their face? The answer is smiling.
what is owned by a person and could have a second floor? The answer is house.
by the end of one field the sharp scythe wasn't cutting because it had become what? The answer is blunt.
what would you experience if a friend robs you after cashing in chips at a casino? The answer is betrayal.
the water spout wouldn't turn off.  eventually, what was totally filled? The answer is sink.
a traveler from atlanta wants to meet friends in hong kong, so he drives where? The answer is airport.
what is a fairly new way to access information? The answer is internet.
the former wrestler wanted to give back, he donated a new main wrestling mat to the what? The answer is school.
james loved violence and used it all the time.  but he changed his tune when it was him that it was what? The answer is being done against.
if someone is a mechanic, what are likely issues they will be asked to fix? The answer is oil engine.
he dreamed he was wide awake, but in fact he was in the middle of a very what? The answer is deep sleep.
what must someone do first before changing society? The answer is change yourself.
why do people go hiking? The answer is enjoy nature.
james wanted to add space for an extra guest, so he bought a hide bed sofa.  with that he'd be able to have two people stay over, one in the guest room, and one on the sofa.  where might he have been? The answer is house.
batman bought beer.  there were no bottles available.  he had to settle for what?. The answer is can.
where do you use a ball for exercise? The answer is gymnasium.
where might people gather while they are waiting for a ride across town? The answer is bus stop.
the men talked at length and found they were agreeing with a lot of things, how would they describe their feeling toward one another? The answer is like.
there was only one room in the place where bill slept.  it had a bed, a fridge, a stove, a couch, and a television.  where might he be? The answer is apartment.
what should my family and i look into getting if we don't want an egg from the supermarket? The answer is henhouse.
if competing with others what emotion is useful for getting an advantage? The answer is aggression.
where can you find a bar before traveling a long distance? The answer is airport.
where could you find a weasel that is not alive? The answer is natural history museum.
how do the bosses share knowledge in person at work? The answer is meeting.
in what society did slaves outnumber the citizens? The answer is ancient rome.
jimmy wanted a beer but his wife was an alcoholic on probation.  where might he go? The answer is neighbor's house.
he finished his business, he got up and gave the toilet a what? The answer is flush.
from where do you buy a train ticket in person? The answer is ticket booth.
settling in to see your favorite show is a great way to do what after a hard days work? The answer is relax.
he controlled all traffic taking off and landing from the control room, what military facility did he work at? The answer is airbase.
applying for job after job is part of the grind, but when no calls come back it can lead to what? The answer is frustration.
who said ignorance was not an excuse for the crime? The answer is judge.
the agricultural specialist walked from row to row, so where was he likely? The answer is farmer's field.
sally had a throat injury.  she can't talk because she is unable to do what? The answer is make sound.
he opened up the advertisement after reading the subject line, what kind of ad was it? The answer is email.
there was a surplus of condos due to the overuse of space in the area, where were the condos located? The answer is suburbia.
if you don't use a towel after getting wet, you body may do what? The answer is shiver.
what might lock after someone drives in? The answer is gate.
remember to pay attention to the lecture so you can do what? The answer is learn from.
what is likely to happen if you're doing housework all day? The answer is get tired.
what is the purpose of the cabin in an airplane? The answer is carry people.
what is a dangerous outdoor activity for children? The answer is sun themselves.
john buys a 5 pound block of salt. where is he likely to keep it? The answer is kitchen cupboard.
what do parents worry about while their college students are attending an expensive school? The answer is dropping out.
what  is necessary to have when going fishing? The answer is fishing rod.
he always had an excuse for why he didn't eat more vegetables, he claimed with baked potatoes he didn't know how to what them? The answer is prepare.
it was stuffy, so she decided on breathing fresh air, what happens as a result? The answer is feeling better.
if you partied all night you could find yourself already what, even when just beginning work? The answer is getting tired.
where would footprints be left on a man made item? The answer is rug.
some people get carried away with shopping, they'll often be buying products they wouldn't even find themselves what? The answer is being able to use.
where could you find an artificial light source? The answer is house.
how will a teacher begin projects for students required to work together? The answer is group students.
what do drugs do? The answer is cause accidents.
what do you need to do to be able to have lunch? The answer is get food.
young timmy had a weak arm and could never quite land the newspaper all the way up on my what? The answer is porch.
she wanted to donate her old clothes to charity, she began folding and stacking the clothing into a what? The answer is box.
if you got a job as an undercover shopper you would buy products, then after doing a review you would what? The answer is get money.
what kind of service would you want if you do not want bad service or very good service? The answer is adequate.
who is likely yo have a caring heart? The answer is person.
sometimes the garbage men are sloppy, the garbage waste seems to miss the truck and end up in the where? The answer is street.
where could you find passengers that are planning to travel to another continent? The answer is airport.
how can a person ensure their jewelry is safe in a hotel room? The answer is safe deposit box.
southern is the opposite of what? The answer is northern.
sarah couldn't stand living without an air conditioner.  it was summer and she was in what? The answer is texas.
what does a human have on their upperbody? The answer is two arms.
the bald eagle flew from mount st helen's to the puget sound and all over what? The answer is washington state.
they really needed the information prisoner, so they did the least human thing and began to what the prisoner? The answer is torture.
where is a great place to buy fresh fruit? The answer is market.
they decided to have desert after their meal, they chose chocolate cake from the desert tray at the what? The answer is restaurant.
the house wasn't connected to anything but rather was randomly plopped down in the woods, what did it need to have visitors? The answer is street.
james wanted to eat hamburger.  he wanted to do so in order to do what? The answer is satisfy hunger.
john was living in a big city.  it had many roads and a lot of traffic.  he liked it, but didn't appreciate the smell.  he thought that there was too much what? The answer is pollution.
what area would you find a large number of wheat fields? The answer is countryside.
what are the kind of transport that is used underwater in the atlantic ocean? The answer is submarines.
who is someone competing against? The answer is opponent.
what are you getting from you boss at the end of the week? The answer is money.
where could you find a nearby apple tree if you live in the united states? The answer is woods.
the shelf was showing signs of instability, what should the carpenter fix to avoid any issues? The answer is wall.
if people are competing for resources what emotional state are they likely to experience? The answer is stress.
what are you contemplating taking when you need to get something done? The answer is action.
where should a human go if they have a full feeling in their bladder? The answer is restroom.
the person used a candle to navigate up the spiral staircase, where were they likely? The answer is light house.
what do people who are celebrating in a bar do sometimes? The answer is drink too much.
how can a farmer get more work done? The answer is rise early.
what does a person in isis practice? The answer is terrorism.
for some reason she was devoid of regular emotions, buying products was the only way she could feel what? The answer is pleasure.
where is a lake likely to be warm but untouched? The answer is countryside.
john needed to go across the country so he ordered tickets online and got into his car.  where might he be going? The answer is train station.
where do you throw a pebble to watch a ripple? The answer is lake.
some might say that if you want to do something that results in changing society then you need to start from within, to do this what would you be doing? The answer is change yourself.
washing clothes over and over many times what do they do? The answer is wear out.
why would a band be performing when there are no people nearby? The answer is record album.
if you spend a long time shopping in uncomfortable shoes, you might develop what? The answer is calluses.
what state should your bedroom have before sleeping? The answer is darkness.
where is there likely to b more than one desk drawer? The answer is office.
cats have how many apendages? The answer is four legs.
who keeps their car in a parking area? The answer is people.
where would you expect to find many homes and businesses? The answer is big city.
where is a market likely to be enclosed? The answer is city.
john felt that his actions were fate.   harry said that he could have always made a different what? The answer is choice.
what body part does dirt sometimes get under? The answer is fingernails.
where would be an unusual place for a harmonica? The answer is rock band.
what can disease destroy? The answer is human body.
the leading team was upset, they had stopped actively reaching advantage because they had grown too comfortable what? The answer is being ahead.
the invasive a.i. was designed to scan the crowd, where most saw a mass of humanity the evil machine could pick out each what? The answer is individual.
where do people go to pray? The answer is go to church.
where can you buy a two wheel transportation machine? The answer is bicycle shop.
what happens when not paying attention when bathing? The answer is slip and fall.
after a while playing, what was happening to the children? The answer is getting tired.
the hermit had a bedroom and kitchen in his what on the hill? The answer is dwelling.
the horse had given so many rides that day, that they didn't know where to find him except where his favorite toy was next to his dinner and bed? The answer is found in stall.
what item is smelted out of minerals on the country side? The answer is metal.
james tried to arise from the lunch table, where he had done what? The answer is sit down.
where are trees likely to be very thick? The answer is forest.
most human hair is where? The answer is person's head.
if i am suffering from boredom, and i want to see something beautiful, what should i do? The answer is see art.
they needed a machine to help with their studies, it was used often in the where? The answer is laboratory.
where do people sometimes use an eraser? The answer is schools.
a sloth climbs slow, but it can eventually reach all the way up where? The answer is forest canopy.
where would you find many computers in a group of work spaces? The answer is office building.
james was below the balloon.  he watched it rise.  what direction did he look in? The answer is upwards.
the old clothes weren't even useful as rags, they belonged where? The answer is trash.
he wanted a house that was gated off from other places, where should he start looking? The answer is subdivision.
the conductor ordered the gong to sound, who was the gong player playing with? The answer is orchestra.
what relatively small area is known for its steakhouses? The answer is kansas city.
the time of day when networks air their most popular bad shows is called what time? The answer is prime.
sally wanted to buy a house close to a city, but not too far away.  where did sally look for a home? The answer is suburbs.
his hands were shaking as he was setting cup on table, he was worried he would what the cup if he tried to drink? The answer is let go of.
where do kids find fish in their backyards? The answer is pond.
what is a person dressed as a clown hoping to accomplish? The answer is make others happy.
he knew how to make bread, but he said "i don't have all day because what"? The answer is i'm hungry.
the cow was a star.  everyone knew it from the what? The answer is advertisement.
billy shoplifted a cheap watch.  where might he have grabbed it from? The answer is department store.
what is it called when the police take a suspect in to custody? The answer is arrest.
a grain of sand might cause you discomfort if it get into your what? The answer is bathing suit.
the buffalo was hunted until it was scare, but after much effort and many years they are now what again? The answer is abundant.
where is one likely to find a wild fox? The answer is wooded areas.
if you need to go on stage but the stage is elevated you must do what? The answer is climb stairs.
when one is calculating attributes, what is the likely skillset being used? The answer is calculus.
when you are asleep at night and dreaming about monsters what are they? The answer is nightmares.
what kind of real estate agent would sell a house for less than what it is worth? The answer is incompetent.
something had the nerve to break into the garbage last night, what did it? The answer is animal.
dan is always giving assistance.  he what does he want to create for people? The answer is better circumstances.
bill was a weasel, but he's a weasel you wanted on your side.  he held what? The answer is public office.
a lack of belongings means you aren't what material items? The answer is possessing.
where would child's work be on the wall? The answer is classroom.
bob didn't know that the secret passageway was there when he bought the place. it led to a bomb shelter in the back yard.  where might the passage way have been? The answer is house.
the story was interesting, the character grew to become a baby boy after starting out a what? The answer is old man.
what would you change the learning process to be if someone does not like learning? The answer is fun.
working on the elaborate task was taxing, it require extreme what? The answer is concentration.
if i go to a bank to get money, where could i go next to get household items and food? The answer is grocery store.
what is served with dinner at a french restaurant? The answer is wine.
a human is hitch hiking near hoboken, where is he? The answer is new jersey.
a bald eagle flies over st. paul, where is it? The answer is minnesota.
where is the strategic gold reserve in the u.s.? The answer is fort knox.
one way to resolve confusion here is to raise my hand. where am i? The answer is class.
what is the opposite of hot? The answer is freezing.
the mother finished wrapping the very last gift, she then placed it under the what? The answer is christmas tree.
there was a long cottage somewhere.  people thought it was haunted.  it was overgrown, there was nothing near it.  it's was far into the what? The answer is countryside.
james finishes playing with his ball and left it on the floor.  his mother found it and put it somewhere that he could find it easily.  where might she put it? The answer is toy box.
he had been doing favors for everybody at work, it was frustrating not getting any what for it? The answer is gratitude.
where would you buy magazines after looking for vegetables? The answer is market.
what type of gift shop can you by replicas of paintings? The answer is museum.
james raised the stairs, but john wanted to get up too.  what did james have to do to the stairs? The answer is lower.
what will happen if you apply a heat source to combustible materials inside of a building with ill intentions? The answer is go to jail.
one way to relieve your hunger if you live near the coast is to do what? The answer is bring home fish.
is that person acting as silly as a clown? The answer is ridiculous.
he brought his wallet with him, this was because buying products means what? The answer is spending money.
everyone was at the finals for a reason, they were all what competition? The answer is good at.
sally likes to create art. it's better than sex. putting brush to canvas gives you what sort of feeling? The answer is pleasure.
what leads to someone's death when they are very depressed? The answer is suicide.
what is the result of more people getting in line? The answer is longer lines.
plenty of love, candy and a small dog always awaited them, so the children always loved visiting where? The answer is grandmother's house.
the runner preferred exercise in the forest to the city, so where did he drive to every morning? The answer is countryside.
what would you see if you are looking at people that are agreeing with each other? The answer is smiles.
what is probably not built out of a wooden rod? The answer is old houses.
sometimes people are wronged, and sometimes getting revenge brings them what? The answer is satisfaction.
his bare arms were flexing as he carried the wood inside, what was the status of his grasp? The answer is full.
both sides were presenting their arguments as fact, this when clearly both were just voicing an what? The answer is opinion.
a person tickling someone else knows they are getting close to a very ticklish spot when they start to hear what sound? The answer is giggling.
what do tv studios use milk to mimic? The answer is water.
when you fight inflation you expect to see what at stores? The answer is lower prices.
wanting to listen to the radio, what did the man do to it? The answer is turn on.
what is key to a student's ability to learn? The answer is effectiveness.
sean made a mistake on the test, but it wasn't an accident.  why did he do it? The answer is on purpose.
where can you fast forward through advertisements? The answer is television.
where are magazines usually old? The answer is doctor.
sally offered james dinner but james couldn't stand the idea of having food.  what did he have? The answer is upset stomach.
janet likes dancing.   the swaying and the music gives her a feeling of what? The answer is euphoria.
sarah didn't want to do bad, but she felt she didn't have what? The answer is choice.
in the 1940's what happened when a radio show decided to pretend the earth was invaded by martians? The answer is people believe.
the boy had a lot of might, but he had something else, and the villain learned how to exploit his what? The answer is weakness.
what do children require to grow up healthy? The answer is need care.
what can an injury cause that is messy? The answer is cause bleeding.
where would a martian find the indian ocean? The answer is earth.
what do humans do to other humans after death? The answer is burial.
where can you borrow magazines? The answer is library.
where would you find fungus in a university? The answer is biology laboratory.
dave didn't mind that josh was punishing him, because he was experiencing what emotion? The answer is feel guilty.
what kind of structure are in if there is a large chandelier in the foyer? The answer is mansion.
where do you keep a teakettle? The answer is cupboard.
why do people want to swim in the heat? The answer is cool down.
bald eagles can be spotted more often in the northern versus the southern reaches of what range? The answer is rocky mountains.
where can you drive your automobile at the highest legal speed? The answer is freeway.
the comforter was a favorite for cuddling in front of the tv, where did the family put it? The answer is livingroom.
when you stroke a dogs fur what have you done? The answer is petted.
how would you express information to a deaf person? The answer is write down.
people look outside and see that it's cold and snowy, what do they likely opt to do? The answer is stay in.
she was the youngest and always got stuck in the middle seat, she never got the what of a bench seat? The answer is outsides.
the company wanted to hire someone with special needs, their job was to collect the cardboard in the what? The answer is warehouse.
what is a place that has only one ceiling and which could be on ground level? The answer is classroom.
the poet wanted to promote his new literature to literary majors, where did he go to do so? The answer is university.
hurting someone else may cause what consequences for the offender? The answer is legal problems.
what might having a check up lead to for some people? The answer is anxiety.
where can you find a snake in tall grass? The answer is feild.
humans tend to be born two ways, these two ways are what? The answer is male or female.
if i was a christian in american in the 1700s, what did i do to britain? The answer is rebel.
if a person uses a computer at night to surf the internet, what feeling might they try to alleviate? The answer is stress.
what do gentleman do when they need to talk? The answer is meeting.
where would you find a lizard in the wild? The answer is utah.
when a farmer is gaining more land what is the expected positive consequence? The answer is making more money.
dan fell off a bar stool.  he did this because he was what than ever before? The answer is drunker.
applying for a job can make someone feel what sort of emotion, even if they get it? The answer is stress.
when shopping for an expensive product you should do what to make sure you get the best deal? The answer is compare prices.
what do people do in the cold? The answer is wear hats.
what single race must a horse win to head to a championship goal? The answer is kentucky derby.
sally had two dogs, so he put newspaper somewhere.  where did he put it? The answer is floor.
what could have a hot handle? The answer is frying pan.
the meat was ready to cook, it needed to go in where for at least four hours? The answer is oven.
when she did occasionally arise to go to the club, what was she looking to do, euphemistically speaking? The answer is get down.
the cat was wild but like all others he was always read for a cat what? The answer is nap.
what does a building have if it does not have solidity? The answer is weakness.
the belief that we don't choose what happens in life is called what? The answer is predetermination.
what have you done if something you do makes life harder for someone? The answer is make trouble.
this person has lots of friends what do they rank high in? The answer is popularity.
why might some graduates choose not to be attending school later in life? The answer is much work.
john doesn't understand triangles, but that's why he's taking the class on what? The answer is trigonometry.
running is great cardio for working out the heart, but the regular muscles it targets are in the what? The answer is legs.
the baby came unexpectedly, what did it do? The answer is arrive early.
what do people feel when they see large guard dogs? The answer is frightening.
what do you need the most to be living life? The answer is breathe.
what is our sun considered to be the center of? The answer is solar system.
where could you find only a few office? The answer is school building.
billy was opening a new deli. he wanted to open it in a place that gets a lot of traffic.  where might he open it? The answer is shopping center.
what might someone not wanting to have someone talking to them have to a talkative person.? The answer is adverse reaction.
today's lesson was on the tennis court, they really kept the paying patients busy where? The answer is health club.
how do people show appreciation after they enjoy a show? The answer is clap.
if shark is stuffed and preserved,where might it be displayed? The answer is maritime museum.
the people wanted to stop the parade, so what did they set up to thwart it? The answer is roadblock.
if a person pics at their skin what will they have? The answer is open sores.
the archaeologist was seeing artifacts that he had lost long ago while reading a textbook, what did this bring up? The answer is painful memories.
what is a clever way to say someone isn't very good at what they do? The answer is ineffectual.
john saw a fox running along the beach and was glad to be on the east coast.  where might he have been? The answer is south carolina.
what type of location would you find fish for sale? The answer is market.
what do you read to help with at night? The answer is falling asleep.
where is the flu likely to result in illness? The answer is stomach.
what does drinking water effect in most humans? The answer is need to urinate.
the professor spoke in a reserved, conservative, and laconic tone, what kind of language was he avoiding?a The answer is loquacious.
what is a good thing to do while eating? The answer is drink.
when people aren't communicating or talking to each other, what happens? The answer is misunderstandings.
light is what when trying to read? The answer is crucial.
where are you likely to find a cubicle for many corporations? The answer is office building.
most people loved competing, it's a way to show of their what? The answer is skill.
where can you find the tallest skyscraper in the mid-western u.s.? The answer is chicago.
what would a person need to do if his or her captain dies at sea? The answer is man crew.
where do some monkeys tend to live taht is hot? The answer is tropical areas.
if you aren't well rested and it's a rainy day what might you do? The answer is stay in bed.
the teen really enjoyed listening to music, it was his way of having what? The answer is fun.
the mascot gathered the children around the campfire, he then began to what them? The answer is read to.
what do you feel when you're not getting paid? The answer is sorrow.
james looked up and saw the start twinkling in the black yonder.  he marveled the sheer number of them and the size of what? The answer is universe.
the man set the cup on the table.  it didn't matter.   he didn't heave anything to put it on, and he lacked the what to balance it? The answer is skill.
the food show specialized in pizzas, each week they went to different states visiting a pizzeria in each of their what? The answer is capital cities.
bill sits down on a whoopee cushion, what sound does he make when he sits? The answer is flatulence.
if want to drink something politely, what vessel should i use? The answer is use glass.
what part of the life-cycle can love never conquer? The answer is deaths.
where are you normally when you take a bath? The answer is own home.
teachers play many roles such as babysitter, but they get the most out of just simply doing what? The answer is teach children.
football fans were storming the ticket booth, where were they? The answer is sports arena.
what would someone be if he or she is not massive? The answer is dwarf.
humans enjoy sitting while expressing themselves artistically, so what did they invent? The answer is play piano.
the predator was committing murder, what was his intention to his victim? The answer is kill.
one might procure magazines and other items here. The answer is market.
the soldiers were on the run and in danger, they entered a building to hold up but first they had to make sure it was what? The answer is secure.
if people are at war with one another, what might they do as a consequence? The answer is destroy each other.
if you get something for no cost you get that thing what? The answer is for free.
james found two abandoned garbage cans behind an old building.  where might they have been concealed? The answer is alley.
some celebrities find going public useful after being caught at what? The answer is getting high.
if two men are competing, why don't they like each other? The answer is rivalry.
where is a good place to obtain a ladder? The answer is hardware store.
where are you likely to find a bald eagle on a floating bridge? The answer is pacific northwest.
what is a reproduction of an original document called? The answer is copy.
what does a stove do to the place that it's in? The answer is warm room.
john opened the window and climbed out because he didn't want to listen to someone for an hour. where might he have been? The answer is classroom.
the catwalk was five stories up and exposed, everybody had to wear helmets and harnesses at the where? The answer is construction site.
the peanuts were being sold at stalls by the ferris wheel, so where were they being sold? The answer is carnival.
the clerk had a paper sign, where did he put it? The answer is store window.
in order to have food to eat, what do people typically do for it? The answer is work for.
if they were celebrating the occasion, how could the occasion be described? The answer is happiness.
where do you watch garbage? The answer is television.
even if not all events are enjoyable, what is a person traveling to many different places likely to have? The answer is interesting experiences.
if i have to keep track of how much oxygen there is, where am i? The answer is space shuttle.
antarctic ocean is named after a continent.  what's another ocean that's named after a landmass? The answer is indian ocean.
samantha was a person, but she wasn't comfortable with others.  she'd rather spend her time with what? The answer is animal.
john ran very fast, his feet touched the ground in what way? The answer is lightly.
the entrance hall was grandiose and had royalty inside, where was the entrance hall? The answer is palace.
at the end of your meal what will a waiter do? The answer is present bill.
danny is having fun just dancing and singing with his friends. he wasn't concerned with things that weren't fun. for him having fun is the same as what? The answer is being happy.
playing chess is like most things where practice helps to build your what at it? The answer is skill.
sam loves to create art.   looking at other peoples work does what to him? The answer is inspires.
what happens when airplane engines cut off and are unable to be restarted in flight? The answer is crash.
the couple was enjoying regularly copulating, but if you ever met them you'd think they hardly knew each other based on their what? The answer is rapport.
if i wanted to analyze some material, where should i go? The answer is science lab.
john needed a straight wire.  unfortunately, this one had endured some abuse and had become what? The answer is bent.
what is used to grind wheat for bread? The answer is mill.
what always happens when you are having lunch? The answer is eat food.
where would there be few or no people, regarless of whether there is rain? The answer is forest.
what will you put on a pen to prevent it from drying out? The answer is caps.
he was a walking stereotype, his glasses were thick and he was what? The answer is brainy.
what could contain no more than around 100 people? The answer is classroom.
where do you buy tickets at a ticket booth for games/ The answer is fairgrounds.
what chore might a child have to do after breakfast, before getting on the bus? The answer is wash dishes.
when one person is agreeing with another, they might say that they existing in what? The answer is harmony.
a person who does good to others garners what pleasing quality in their reputation? The answer is admiration.
he looked at the field of pumps, all slowing churning oil out of the what? The answer is ground.
after becoming inebriated, she laid down on a bench, what happened afterwards? The answer is pass out.
humans do what when they are motivated and need money? The answer is work hard.
what is a positive effect of creating art? The answer is pride.
what does there need to be for a shadow to appear? The answer is bright light.
when a person has a meal or sips hot drinks while reading, what will happen? The answer is gain knowledge.
what would cause a person to have  headaches? The answer is brain tumor.
what does a shareholder own? The answer is large company.
where could you find an apple tree? The answer is new hampshire.
surprising a baby while playing peek-a-boo will cause them to what? The answer is laughter.
if you are losing when competing how may you feel while admiring the opponents score? The answer is jealousy.
where do you get petrol? The answer is gas station.
what happens when someone trips when going for run? The answer is falling down.
where is a good place to keep a butcher knife? The answer is kitchen drawer.
he truly was a marathon runner, even after running twenty six miles he wasn't even beginning to what? The answer is getting tired.
where is a ferret unlikely to be? The answer is classroom.
where could a sloth live? The answer is tropical jungle.
if i were kissing someone and it started to snow what would be a likely result The answer is get cold.
where would one find a snake on a mountain? The answer is oregon.
where would you put a folding chair if you do not plan to use it and you do not have any large doors in your house? The answer is closet.
where does a child likely sit at a desk? The answer is schoolroom.
the man loved all sorts of puzzles, he would do crossword puzzle every morning to be what? The answer is mentally challenged.
if someone brings candy to a group of children what will happen? The answer is spring into action.
one of the things that you can count on when going to the market on a weekend is? The answer is see other people.
james picked glass walls because they let more light into the room. why did they let light in? The answer is clear.
if people need something on the other side of a body of water, what must they do? The answer is cross river.
when do girls eat ice cream on the couch? The answer is depressed.
at a state fair judging pigs requires careful what? The answer is evaluating.
what would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a smaller result? The answer is divided.
after being in space the astronaut was happy to be breathing fresh air, it left him what? The answer is feeling good.
where do you put your grapes just before checking out? The answer is grocery cart.
the inspector was agreeing with the factory protocols, what was the status of the factory? The answer is compliance.
he bought a warranty for the fragile objects just it case they what? The answer is become broken.
the farmer is making grow a tomato, what does he specialize? The answer is plants.
lizards need the sun's heat to regulate their body temperature, this is why you'll see them still on what? The answer is rocks.
the patient was getting healthier, the doctor said to start jogging to cause a what? The answer is increased heart rate.
ice fishing can be done surprisingly far out most winters on what greatest of the michigan's greats? The answer is lake superior.
the electronics store benefited from people walking from the food kiosks, where was it located? The answer is shopping mall.
there was more than one bum asking for change or a ticket, it was the cheapest way to travel so it was no surprise sight at the what? The answer is bus depot.
if you were to make a new copy an original sculpture what have you made? The answer is reproduction.
how would you express information if you do not have a pen or pencil? The answer is talk.
sweet is a great taste on its own, but it also goes great with what? The answer is sour.
marcy couldn't cry.  she didn't want her parents to know that she was sad.  she hid her sobs by doing what? The answer is laughing.
what can you build for your puppy so he can sleep comfortably outside? The answer is dog house.
the beaver swam through the country he symbolized, where was he likely to be? The answer is ontario.
the smile gave away that the what was one of happiness? The answer is cry.
many people take public transportation and can be found waiting where? The answer is bus depot.
what is the large-sclae  general result of waging war? The answer is death and destruction.
the cashier said if you want to buy food you have to do what? The answer is spend money.
where are peas likely to be freshest? The answer is farmer's market.
billy loves science, history, and art but isn't very creative.  when he was visiting the museum, he felt a great deal of what emotion? The answer is enjoyment.
as a human in a large northeastern city, where can you see animals? The answer is zoo.
where do you go to see most statues? The answer is museum.
what do athletes need to do after a game? The answer is need to rest.
when an unpopular change in the way things are done occurs what is the public reaction? The answer is moral outrage.
what can you see when you use television but is not needed to use television? The answer is kill.
what will likely happen to one's body if the only eat hamburgers? The answer is getting fat.
not many have a revolving door in their private homes, they're usually found in a what? The answer is public place.
what is a group of bungalows in a small area? The answer is neighborhood.
what does everybody who is lonely buy for company? The answer is cat.
james was watching tv when he saw flashing lights that did something bad to him.  what might john have had? The answer is seizure.
where do you keep more than one drop of blood? The answer is test tube.
what can children do outside but not in a small room? The answer is jump rope.
sam reflected on his long life, which started in 1918.  how long has sam lived? The answer is last 100 years.
the science major was planning on digging in the earth one day, his favorite class was what? The answer is geography.
where always has a large amount of trash that only grows? The answer is garbage dump.
if you are prone to postpone work what will you have to do in order to finish on time? The answer is hasten.
joe found spiders while checking something outside.  what might that be? The answer is mail box.
what is the largest state with a coast in the us? The answer is california.
where could you find a library that only people of a certain age usually visit? The answer is school.
where do people look at pictures with a story? The answer is books.
what might fear do to people? The answer is confuse.
where do you buy potato chips? The answer is supermarket.
the weather was nice, but sean didn't count on that. he knew it could do what? The answer is change quickly.
children like to play. they can easily do what? The answer is imagine.
what meal do we often have corn on the cob with? The answer is dinner.
what state south of kentucky and north of alabama will you find people playing the fiddle? The answer is tennessee.
sarah wanted to by a new rug.  ink spilled onto her old one.  really, she didn't know what that thing had an inkwell in the first place.  what piece of furniture might have been on her run? The answer is desk.
when would you be able to see your reflection in a piece of wood? The answer is polished.
the heater broke down before the city's christmas party, so they could no longer host the party in the what? The answer is public building.
when giving assistance to family members in need you may feel what? The answer is pleasure.
humans have a long digestive tract, so what do they do? The answer is excrete.
the potatoes were ordered by the chef, where did they end up? The answer is restaurant.
suzie waited in a room covered with posters of celeberties and robots.  she liked this place, but she wished it was better decorated.  where might she be? The answer is friend's house.
where should you be careful of bees after drinking cider? The answer is orchard.
who does the teacher speak with most during the week? The answer is school children.
what is a good place for a potato to mix with other veggies? The answer is beef stew.
who uses a contraceptive device? The answer is person.
what is a place that usually does not have any pillow? The answer is rest area.
where might a ficus be at the entrance? The answer is public building.
she needs to visit a bookshop after buying the latest fashion, where should she look? The answer is mall.
when you travel you should what in case of unexpected costs? The answer is have money.
where do many vacuums store dirt? The answer is container.
if you have some excess corn, where would you put it? The answer is silo.
where would you go if you wanted to have fun with a few people? The answer is friend's house.
where would you go if you want to buy some clothes? The answer is mall.
what kind of tour is someone likely to see the eiffel tower on? The answer is in europe.
james loved to surf but he wasn't good at it. he would always do what? The answer is wipe out.
where is a corner shop selling derby souvenirs likely to be? The answer is kentucky.
there was an attendant at the door to keep light from coming in during the show, it was a big premiere night at the what? The answer is theater.
the mother tried to call the babysitter, but the babysitter panicked and did what? The answer is hang up.
flowers make a good center focal point, just one of many arrangements that look good on a what? The answer is table.
miranda wasn't sure about what she was doing, she just knew that she couldn't stop moving her smelly feet. this was a problem, because she was told to do what? The answer is stay still.
children can become obsessed.  charlie focused on reproducing what made him feel good.  he wanted to squeeze all the what out of every experience. The answer is fun.
why do people who are dying receive social security payments? The answer is unable to work.
she was worried about driving car, she was worried what might flare up during a long drive? The answer is backache.
the bell rang, and the congregation began to what in to the church? The answer is funnel.
the garage had light sensors and automatic doors, what kind of house was it? The answer is modern house.
before someone can adopt the parent must do what with their offspring? The answer is give away.
when you play games with children you're doing what to them? The answer is entertaining.
it was a crude building with drafting floors, so all  the friends slept high in lofts while at the remote what? The answer is hunting lodge.
he had chosen to live a fulfilling life, he was content in the end and died with no regrets as he took his last what? The answer is breathe.
what does every person want? The answer is life partner.
where are traveling clothes often kept? The answer is suitcase.
what kind of place could have thousands of statue? The answer is large city.
the little girl was raised selfish, she didn't even care when she was doing what? The answer is being mean.
where is the mailbox between my house and the next block? The answer is street corner.
what is something that would become uninhabited if it did not have a queen? The answer is bee hive.
buying a house was his lifelong dream, but the lazy man did not enjoy having to maintain a what? The answer is yard.
where has the newest baseball stadium? The answer is phoenix.
where is an inexpensive place to have a reception? The answer is church basement.
where would you get nails if you do not have any? The answer is store.
what is the best course of action for a person to take if they want to get up early? The answer is go to bed early.
why do people go to see others playing baseball? The answer is entertainment.
what is moving cars without looking likely to result in? The answer is accidents.
if you do not believe in something because you question it you have what? The answer is doubt.
what happens to someone wading while fishing? The answer is wet clothes.
james was having fun with jane.  what sort of feelings might this bring him? The answer is happiness.
if something is obtuse, what couldn't it be? The answer is acute angled.
bobby had a toothache so he went to the closet dentist office, which was in a strange place.  where might it be? The answer is office building.
what do you do to weapons when you want to gather them? The answer is stockpile.
john played a stringed instrument.  billy was the singer.  james was the drummer.  vince played the keyboard and piano.  what might they have been? The answer is rock band.
when washing clothes what do you get when the cycle is complete and thus need the second tumbling machine for? The answer is wet clothes.
I communicate in hopes someone is within earshot, what do I want them to do? The answer is listen.
what structure had to use a launching platform many times to escape the earth's gravity? The answer is space station.
what may jogging make you feel like? The answer is being tired.
cows outnumber people 4 to 1 in what state north of kansas? The answer is nebraska.
what do most people hope to achieve when having sex? The answer is orgasm.
what do you call a metal that is not cheap? The answer is precious.
a bride and groom are taking care of proposals, what is the likely ceremony? The answer is marriage.
what is a performance by actors on tv to promote buying a certain product? The answer is commercial.
where can you find pamphlets regarding diseases and ailments? The answer is health department.
name an adjective that can mean the opposite of normal. The answer is unconventional.
washing clothes manually leads to what? The answer is getting wet.
what place could have thousands or millions of back garden? The answer is city.
if you're caught hurting someone else, what are you likely to have? The answer is legal problems.
humans often have hunting instincts, so what do they do? The answer is eat meat.
if you're suffering from hunger what you likely to do with your meal? The answer is eat quickly.
what business is likely to have few cubicles? The answer is bank.
when people have money wand want things, what do they tend to do? The answer is own objects.
as he was looking sharp, how did his wife speak to him when she saw him in his new clothes? The answer is complimentary.
james thought that cost of buying the new screen outweighted the what? The answer is benefit.
the pizza crust was very broad and large in circumference, but it was crispy and what? The answer is thin.
what floor do you run between rooms? The answer is hallway.
you enter the parking lot of a grocery store from where? The answer is street.
while driving to work she felt the what of the important decisions to be made today? The answer is pressure.
if you want harmony, what is something you should try to do with the world? The answer is make peace.
where do you throw garbage? The answer is trashcan.
jim decided to lose weight.  he thought that exercise is the best way to lose weight because you can't get rid of what? The answer is need for food.
the buildings were designed to hold a lot of people, where should it be built? The answer is large city.
what do you do on a stove to prepare meat? The answer is brown meat.
what is a portable light source called? The answer is flashlight.
where may you be if you're buying pork chops at a corner shop? The answer is iowa.
wht causes something to not be holy/ The answer is profane.
the people were confused by the words being spoken, why would this be? The answer is mean many things.
if a human wants to enjoy another human's company, where might they go? The answer is friend's house.
where might you find a map on an outside wall? The answer is rest area.
what is beginning work likely to lead to a day of? The answer is working.
what is a food that a child wouldn't want to have? The answer is eat vegetables.
what is the opposite of remembering? The answer is forgetting.
what should someone do after someone is done helping them? The answer is say thank.
he knew that beginning work on this job would mean he couldn't get home on time for several days. what is his reaction? The answer is stress.
what garment popular with the flappers of the 1920's has thin shoulder straps? The answer is chemise.
what animal produces milk? The answer is cow.
he appreciated the small park and its taste of nature, living in the city just felt so what? The answer is artificial.
what kind of store has jewelry and clothing? The answer is department store.
what does learning about world poverty lead to? The answer is sadness.
james didn't have any teabags at home, nor did he have any cold tea.  he wanted tea, though, he rushed out and went where? The answer is internet cafe.
where do you keep a chess board? The answer is cabinet.
dinner was finished and the dishes cleared, the bust boy then wiped all the crumbs off the what? The answer is table.
it was hard for them to get news that was local, this is because they lived so what? The answer is remote.
the deep ocean is dark, and diving into it is both dangerous and what? The answer is frivolous.
john and james are idiots. they bought two tickets to the falcons vs the jets even though neither wanted to see the what? The answer is sporting event.
fighting inflation means being aware of many things, such as what with loans? The answer is rising interest rates.
the principal encourage everyone to try hard in school, what did he want them to do? The answer is do well.
where can many a soup be purchased? The answer is supermarket.
after doing what he held his breathe? The answer is inhaling.
the high teenager was having trouble grasping that the world was always in motion even if he laid there what? The answer is being still.
the snake was a cottonmouth.  it was an american, from where? The answer is georgia.
simon put crayon pictures on the wall of what? The answer is classroom.
the government cracked down on anybody protesting, what did the government dislike? The answer is question authority.
what do you need to do with a friend before going to play? The answer is meet.
the class of children walked around the place in a line, their guide took them to what? The answer is see exhibits.
the child was lonely, what did he want from his parents? The answer is presence.
where does the sun set? The answer is west.
the product was not meant to be sold.  what was it for? The answer is demonstration.
where is it safer to keep marmot? The answer is cage.
she wanted to try out her brand new hair dryer, but her hair practically dried on it's own before she got it out of the well packaged what? The answer is box.
where is the best place to get a bicycle for a child? The answer is toy store.
what is likely heard by those going to a party? The answer is laughter.
the bulky man enjoyed to eat hamburger or anything else high in what? The answer is protein.
where is likely to not just have a kosher restaurant? The answer is new york city.
why would someone visit many stores before buying products? The answer is comparison shopping.
what would i be doing while going to work and walking? The answer is listen to radio.
what is a person likely to lock at night? The answer is front door.
where could a printer be used by thousands of people? The answer is school.
immediately after peeing, a person's bladder is what? The answer is empty.
light from the sun goes past earth and becomes weaker as it spreads out into the what/ The answer is universe.
what might intense competing cause someone to feel? The answer is stress.
if somebody had a great love of music, they probably do what in the car? The answer is listen to radio.
what is the goal of most people playing games? The answer is winning.
if a person feels they are getting a job but they never get the offer, how might they feel? The answer is let down.
the doctor told the man to eat vegetables, he promised it would help him what? The answer is lose weight.
james was hit on the head and suffered a concussion.  he found himself losing consciousness at annoying times.  he also suffered from something else.  what was it? The answer is forgetfulness.
what would you do if you have excitement and do not want to stay in your house? The answer is go somewhere.
if you're going out often and talking to a lot of people you have an active what? The answer is social life.
some do not enjoy getting drunk, it gives them what? The answer is nausea.
during offiical judging what must be avoided? The answer is prejudice.
where could you find a jellyfish? The answer is mediterranean sea.
the star was lonely, what did it wish it was part of? The answer is constellation.
their union had settled and they would go off strike and what? The answer is get back to work.
what might be the result of getting hit while crossing the street? The answer is injury.
what is a type of hill? The answer is mountain.
what should you do when you need to raise your body temperature when it is chilly at night outdoors? The answer is warmth.
where is a great place to display a flower on a table? The answer is vase.
sometimes just expressing yourself is the best way to be what? The answer is understood.
everything is bigger at a steak house where? The answer is texas.
why would someone be committing murder? The answer is problems.
what do you give people when they meet people? The answer is greeting.
who is likely going in to a market? The answer is that you.
two year college degrees are either an associates of science or an associates of what? The answer is arts.
what do you receive a new credit card in? The answer is envelope.
james enjoyed playing games, but he didn't like games that lacked safety.  he was afraid of potential what? The answer is loss of life.
where would i put a rosebush if i did not want to keep it outside? The answer is pot.
when you niece is a child what relation of your would she live with? The answer is brother's house.
climbing a hill when hiking can really give one an appreciation of what? The answer is great outdoors.
if i have a modern light source in my living room, what is it likely to be? The answer is lamp.
where might i re-home a well loved piece of furniture from college days? The answer is friend's house.
what kind of performance can be viewed on a dvd? The answer is movie.
where could you have fun with lots of people around you? The answer is fairgrounds.
what is a good thing for farmers to have to start off? The answer is farm land.
where do people compete to see who is quicker? The answer is race track.
the mother had to run some errands, she told he son if he did his chores while she was gone it would be what? The answer is helpful.
emilio needed the exercise, but he didn't do it.  he suffered from what? The answer is sloth.
when birds are looking for a mate they're going to be doing what? The answer is singing.
where are you if the person next to you has a briefcase and you're accused of a misdeed? The answer is courtroom.
why might someone decide on going to bed? The answer is drowsiness.
what city in the middle east is known for a temple? The answer is jerusalem.
how does a planet usually move around the sun? The answer is orbit.
joe hated taking phone calls during lunch.  he found anything that interrupted his meal to be a what? The answer is irritation.
what magical kingdom is miserable in the rain? The answer is disneyland.
australia is a country and also a what? The answer is continent.
where do you send mail over a counter? The answer is post office.
where do you hang a picture? The answer is wall.
if you're caught committing murder, an injection can lead to your own what? The answer is own death.
they would only allow one more in, he was unfortunately a what? The answer is reject.
john was good at singing, usually.  but today he couldn't do it.  why can't john sing? The answer is hoarse voice.
if your watching television and accomplish nothing what have you done? The answer is wasted time.
there aren't many anemone in what glove-shaped state? The answer is michigan.
where could you find a monkey in the wild? The answer is madagascar.
the therapist said they needed to work on what, and that just talking to one another is the first step? The answer is communication.
the mom told her son to stay in bed instead of going to school, what did she likely say afterwards? The answer is you're sick.
the teacher explained that even though everybody is general each of the students was an individual, she wanted each student to feel what? The answer is special.
if you have beans while eating breakfast you may experience what? The answer is gas.
rather than talk in a class you should do what and pay attention? The answer is sit silently.
the professor spoke in a laconic tone, what kind of language was he avoiding? The answer is verbose.
instead of buying brand new pens, what part can you replace to keep using them? The answer is ink cartridges.
there is no skylight or anything else to let in light in what kind of structure? The answer is windowless room.
there was a big convention going on and all the hotel rooms were booked.  there weren't any available in the entire state of what? The answer is michigan.
what place of work might you find a hairpin? The answer is hair salon.
where could you see a gentleman that is not real? The answer is movie.
he used an umbrella while tanning, where was he likely? The answer is beach.
where could you find a toilet that only friends can use? The answer is apartment.
what could be a serious consequence of typing too much? The answer is carpal tunnel syndrome.
what are people likely to do when an unexpected decent outcome occurs? The answer is thank god.
where would walk through a central passage to catch an elevator? The answer is public building.
what can someone do to end relaxing? The answer is invigorating.
the company sent off many purchases, they used recycled cardboard as their what? The answer is packaging materials.
the nice lady nursed the injured and abandoned cat back to health, after recovery it went on to what? The answer is live many years.
where could a wheel be produced? The answer is michigan.
the homeowner wanted new flooring installed, where did they want it specifically? The answer is house.
I need a balloon to decorate something, what am I buying it for? The answer is birthday party.
what room would you find many bookcases and is used for contemplation? The answer is study.
obstructing justice is sometimes an excuse used for police brutality which causes what in people? The answer is getting hurt.
which state still has wild bald eagles? The answer is utah.
where are the boxes that can't be accessed while standing upright? The answer is attic.
the real estate alienated people, what did she need to learn to be? The answer is charming.
blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what? The answer is new perspective.
where would you find rows and rows of speakers? The answer is concert.
bailey liked playing games against other people.  he found it exhilarating.  what might bailey like about games? The answer is competitiveness.
I go on a lot of vacations, what does that make me? The answer is vacationgoer.
some people went shopping to buy racks. what will they do with them? The answer is group objects.
sally noticed that the sword was straight.  she wanted one with a different type of blade. what type of sword did she want? The answer is curved.
how may one feel after playing games for a long time? The answer is fatigue.
killing will result in what kind of trial? The answer is criminal trial.
there was a cloud or two out but overall it was very what? The answer is sunny.
where do people usually have a table? The answer is dining room.
the final boarding group was called, once everybody was in their seat the what could depart? The answer is airplane.
what's a good solution for being bored? The answer is go somewhere.
the antarctic ocean touches a few others, but the next in line alphabetically is which one? The answer is atlantic.
what draws ground water away from your and your neighbor's yard? The answer is ditch.
the security detail had to keep an eye on the entire crowd, they were constantly scanning all the what? The answer is faces.
other than a refrigerator or a market where would you find fish? The answer is stream.
where are you if you've paid to be in a dinning room? The answer is restaurant.
where would people go if they want to go fishing? The answer is state park.
where is the ficus tree native to? The answer is middle east.
what was used to cut through royal necks in the french revolution? The answer is guillotine.
what handle did the man grab to when he wanted a snack? The answer is fridge.
after attending school for twelve years what do you do? The answer is graduate.
where would children go to learn? The answer is school.
if a person saw wings on a helmet, where would they be? The answer is detroit.
if one is a mechanic, what are they likely to order to their place of work? The answer is machine parts.
what can happen as a result of a business spending money and having to make a declaration? The answer is bankruptcy.
where would you find a kosher deli along side a number of different places to eat? The answer is food court.
after killing people, the murderer went to church after feeling what? The answer is remorse.
when you want to see a picture frequently, where might you put it on your computer? The answer is desktop.
during one the many famous helicopter tours you can get a bald eagle perceptive of what natural landmark? The answer is grand canyon.
during the date she explained her belief in fatalism, this contrasted with his strong belief in a person's what? The answer is free will.
he wanted to but couldn't concentrate on playing game with friends, he wished he could just be doing what with it? The answer is enjoying.
where could there be more than one college? The answer is big town.
where would you put scissors if you will need to use them in another building soon? The answer is backpack.
where does the cuisine from a mexican restaurant originate? The answer is mexico.
where does a gentleman go to relax? The answer is meditation center.
his house was a mess, he began doing housework to get what? The answer is house clean.
one way to please parents is to be able to do this to a house? The answer is buy.
when they say dogs are a man's best friend, they aren't talking about just whats? The answer is males.
a man takes a seat at a museum outside of barcelona, where is he likely? The answer is martorell.
where can chicken be kept fresh longer? The answer is freezer.
the paper sign had notice of a civic meeting, where should it be posted? The answer is public place.
the couple had been copulating seemingly non stop, eventually they finally had a what? The answer is period of rest.
james was not good at socializing but he didn't care.  he just wanted to do what? The answer is have fun.
there are usually four strings on what popular instrument? The answer is guitar.
where do you play board games? The answer is house.
the guys had a regular poker game, rather than going to the movies this what their what? The answer is social event.
where can a student find their pens? The answer is backpack.
in what place could you find air that has been breathed by only a few people recently? The answer is house.
where might someone find many varieties of ficus? The answer is conservatory.
what time period did mammoth's live in? The answer is prehistoric times.
jane is a pilot.  she recently got a medal and a promotion for her quick thinking when her plane did this.  what might her plane have done? The answer is catch on fire.
when having food at a formal place, what do you usually do? The answer is sit.
a lonely and mentally disturbed person may begin doing what for conversation? The answer is talk to himself.
sean was a native english speaker, a fact that he found helpful.  ludwig didn't speak the language well because he was what? The answer is foreigner.
what can a child do to quietly pass the time? The answer is read book.
the master control for ones electricity is usually where? The answer is basement.
what does running after balls lead to? The answer is physical exertion.
what do people typically do while playing guitar? The answer is singing.
where do you live if there are a lot of mailboxes in the foyer? The answer is apartment.
what's it called when you change a contract? The answer is revised.
though he believed in the underdog the odds were not good enough, he instead pointed his money towards the what? The answer is favourite.
the tennis court suffered from fraternity pranks, where was it located? The answer is college campus.
if a person exercised heavily yesterday, what are the likely to do first when they awake? The answer is stretch.
the class got to tour the launch pad, one student looked up imagining all the shuttle launches from where? The answer is cape kennedy.
where are you when an employee brings you cooked potatoes? The answer is restaurant.
a wooden rod was used to wind up his freestanding what? The answer is old clock.
what do you have to do at the store when you're buying beer? The answer is spend money.
if your shoes are too tight what will you get on your feet after jogging? The answer is blisters.
where are old pictures kept? The answer is attic.
he told his parents he was going to go somewhere, they told him to call when he what? The answer is arrive there.
people wanted to get to their destination quickly, what did they invent? The answer is vehicles.
if a coup-de-etat happens with hopes of changing society, what is called for? The answer is cultural revolution.
john never felt himself losing consciousness.   the next thing he knew a year had passed.  he had been what? The answer is coma.
when the baby birds fell out of the nest, the mom bird did what? The answer is grieve.
the jaw skeleton of the shark was on display for the children to walk through, it was one of the many attractions where? The answer is marine museum.
what does skin cover? The answer is body.
all that was left to purchase was a bass drum, what would he have as a result? The answer is drum set.
simon brought his computer to up the stairs, through his door, and set it up by the sofa.  where did he take the computer? The answer is apartment.
what southern area not in the us are you  likely to find a marmoset? The answer is latin america.
where is a business restaurant likely to be located? The answer is business sector.
what do people work on by exercising? The answer is wellness.
the pitcher felt stress and tension on the mound, what did he feel like? The answer is hell.
when kids jump up and down and run around laughing they are having what? The answer is fun.
where do almost all humans live? The answer is on planet earth.
what is likely to satisfy someone's curiosity? The answer is hear news.
sammy wanted to preserve the wallpaper, but it was wet and had already begun to do what? The answer is decay.
what is a place where you usually store dishes but not books? The answer is pantry.
the old man was retired and liked the simple things, he would do crossword puzzle every morning simply just to do what? The answer is pass time.
if someone is a gentleman in a professional setting what would he wear? The answer is suit.
where is confetti thrown from the rooftops? The answer is big cities.
she couldn't wait to see the performance, she stood in the line for the box office where? The answer is theatre.
bess told sam to move, but he refused. he said that he was doing what? The answer is staying put.
sam tried to go to sleep, but he couldn't.  he suffered from what? The answer is wakefulness.
the human was cold and just needed to step inside quickly, what did he look for? The answer is nearest house.
from where do aliens arrive? The answer is outer space.
where do you go to see a religious statue? The answer is church.
how do people evaluate what to buy at a shop? The answer is compare prices.
what can a horse winning many races hope to achieve? The answer is triple crown.
what would you be if you comfort friend? The answer is friendly.
if i want to find more information about things in general, what am i seeking? The answer is increased knowledge.
where would a gazelle like to run? The answer is open field.
what does someone do when they do not reply to a question? The answer is ignore.
what form of government is most associated with kingdoms? The answer is monarchy.
at reception desk john asked  to see a person who was helping him make a sale.  lilly came out immediately and took him back to her space, and talked to him about his needs.  he said that he was willing to lower the price to 80,000 if it would sale faster.  where might john be? The answer is real estate office.
people put sugar in what black beverage? The answer is coffee.
what sport is the audience the loudest at? The answer is hockey game.
if you legs are tired and you need to have a rest you should do what? The answer is sit down.
what are two people likely to do that three will not do? The answer is make babies.
who is the guard here for? The answer is prisoner.
where are leaves likely to cause an accident? The answer is street.
if you turn off the music in a room with no other noise that room would be what? The answer is silent.
driving a car along a scenic highway can have what calming affect? The answer is relaxation.
when love is not reciprocated, what are the feelings that are involved? The answer is pain and suffering.
the therapist told him he had to communicate his problems, he said to just be willing to do what? The answer is talk with people.
if you did well on the test, you might get an a as a what? The answer is school grade.
where do you buy the freshest apples? The answer is farmers market.
what is it called when teens are together not doing anything in particular? The answer is hang out.
the first or second floor is the safest from fire when you sleep where away from home? The answer is hotel.
what must a dog do daily? The answer is drink water.
when i take clean clothes out of the dryer, what do i do to to them next? The answer is sort.
the heir to this country's throne isn't the prince of it. what country is it? The answer is england.
what is the main purpose of having a bath? The answer is cleanness.
after new coke was discontinued what formula was used? The answer is original.
the students were all told to sit quietly, the trouble child stayed quiet but would not what? The answer is sit down.
how do people see the sky? The answer is looking up.
james couldn't get into the event, because the ticket office was sold out.  he was sad, but not that sad.  he didn't like football, anyway.  where might james have been? The answer is stadium.
what part of a an area would a disco be found in? The answer is town.
what is a body of water similar to a stream is called? The answer is brook.
what happens when someone is resting when they are tired? The answer is fall asleep.
where would you play with a toy that fires a projectile ball and coin operated machines? The answer is arcade.
the difficulty of life was killing him, so what did he decide to do? The answer is suicide.
being fat is unhealthy, one who is should probably exercise to what? The answer is get in shape.
what gathering of loved ones follows your final birthday? The answer is funeral.
what enables most people to transport themselves? The answer is own cars.
if you have a lot of money after cashing in your chips at a casino, what would the casino owner feel towards you? The answer is resentment.
the old lady wanted to purchase a can of paint, the helpful employee got it for her off the what? The answer is shelf.
the farmer sought an apple tree cultivar that was hardy in the western united states, where was he looking to plant it? The answer is idaho.
when talking to someone what should you maintain? The answer is eye contact.
james spent his days at his cottage trying to capture the beauty of the landscape, but he wasn't good at it. he was never good at it.  what isn't he good at? The answer is painting.
what is an effect of playing football too carelessly? The answer is injuries.
where does a human likely not want to be? The answer is jail.
the inspector labeled the vessel water-tight on the dock, where was it's next destination? The answer is ocean.
what happens soon after christmas? The answer is easter.
the dumb kid tried to use his student id at the door, this obviously did not get him into the what? The answer is bar.
wanting to understand a subject more, he began reading, what happened as a result? The answer is further knowledge.
what is someone likely to experience after hurting someone else even if they are not caught? The answer is bad karma.
where can a bath towel be borrowed? The answer is at hotel.
where would you put a car near your house? The answer is driveway.
boats that aren't on the ocean travel across the surface of what? The answer is lake.
the all decided to sit down on the stools, and each order a what? The answer is drink.
what does an emotional person tend to be? The answer is expressive.
what does a head attach to? The answer is human body.
he was getting advice for the job interview, they told him when talking to the interviewer always make what? The answer is eye contact.
human beings learn about current events from what print item? The answer is read newspapers.
the shopping center was empty and needed tenants, who did they solicit? The answer is stores.
what would you read about an apple tree in? The answer is bible.
although the sun did rise, what did the pessimist warn everyone it would do? The answer is go down.
what do you do to make sure that you are remembering? The answer is stopping to think.
if one is neutral with regards to seeing idea become reality what would they most likely feel? The answer is being satisfied.
the electricity went out and nobody could see or hear the band, what was being attempted? The answer is concert.
after getting drunk people couldn't understand him, it was because of his what? The answer is slurred speech.
joe put the back of the painting against the way, and displayed what side? The answer is anterior.
the guide told them to be very safe in this section, the bears in this are were very what? The answer is dangerous.
if people are on a beach, what are they likely doing? The answer is sun themselves.
where is dust likely to be under? The answer is carpet.
if you have plenty to eat when you have lunch you'll do what? The answer is get full.
while laid up in the hospital she tried remembering good times, like that massage on vacation that brought great what? The answer is pleasure.
a great teacher can be what when you are attending school? The answer is inspiration.
where would a rosebush be most likely to die due to lack of water? The answer is california.
what is a good place for a grumpy cat? The answer is warm bed.
what caused my shirt to get soaked after going jogging? The answer is sweating.
where can i store this clean fork if i am not presently using it? The answer is kitchen drawer.
joe and jane have begun reaching a tentative agreement about the merger of their two companies.  their negotiations have become less than professional,  and have begun doing something that is very unprofessional and compromises their objectivity.  what might they be doing? The answer is fucking.
the crowd wasn't that big.  it can better be described as what? The answer is small group.
what happens to a person on stairs after getting drunk? The answer is falling down.
where would you buy a finely crafted writing instrument? The answer is stationery store.
you should probably have something healthier than just eat ice cream if you what? The answer is were hungry.
where did many municipalities have their cemetery? The answer is churchyard.
a gentleman is trying to relax, where is he likely to be able to do that? The answer is meditation center.
where could you go to between 1000 and 10000 restaurant? The answer is big city.
how can someone be let into a brownstone? The answer is ring.
where would you find a desk normally occupied by a young person? The answer is schoolroom.
he was a very sharp engineer, but when it came to the details his calculations could were often what? The answer is inaccurate.
the munitions were loaded onto the launch platform, where were they? The answer is battleship.
the spirit ascended to the after life, so what was it leaving? The answer is human being.
what happens to a living thing when tehy have heart problems? The answer is palpitations.
what can be the consequence of having many drinks when celebrating? The answer is getting drunk.
sarah had trouble beginning work.  she was not doing what? The answer is accomplishing.
you need to press down and twist the top of this to get your pill out. what is it? The answer is medicine bottle.
if you are going to market you will need to do what to get there? The answer is traveling.
john thought the distance between himself ahd sally was insurmountable.  but when he opened up to her, he found that they shared something what did they share? The answer is closeness.
a big fountain was the center piece of the renovation, it had all been paid for by a grant to the what? The answer is city.
what could happen when beginning work after it is too late? The answer is panic.
where would a doctor rush to? The answer is emergency room.
billy wants to learn how to socialize, but he doesn't know where to start.  he calls his best friend and asks for what? The answer is input.
john knew that the sun produced a massive amount of energy in two forms.  if you were on the surface of the sun, what would kill you first? The answer is heat.
what does one use to exercise? The answer is use energy.
breathing was difficult after the injury, but he was still able to what with it? The answer is live.
how is a dog likely to communicate with another dog? The answer is bark.
his saw was too big to fit with all his wrenches and screwdrivers in his metal what? The answer is toolbox.
what can you use to store a book while traveling? The answer is suitcase.
if someone is fiddling a sad tune, what is the song likely about? The answer is troubles.
if you were greek and saw a shark here, where are you? The answer is mediterranean sea.
what is unlikely to get bugs on its windshield due to bugs' inability to reach it when it is moving? The answer is airplane.
greg couldn't pay the cash advance fee, and thus was dinged for what? The answer is late payment.
a modern farmer needs many skills common for who in order to manage finances and increase sales? The answer is business man.
when you decide to go somewhere, why do you do it? The answer is get somewhere.
if you want to kill someone you can do what to them with a gun? The answer is shoot.
climbing a hill can give you a good way to survey what? The answer is landscape.
the local place didn't have the variety the customer was after, so he traveled to see the show room in the big what? The answer is city.
I did not need a servant.  I was not a what? The answer is rich person.
there is a lot of water nearby to what popular west coast attraction? The answer is disneyland.
what can happen to your car if you take a corner at too high a velocity? The answer is roll over.
if you have trouble beginning work you're suffering from what? The answer is procrastination.
what did the friendly man do when meeting knew people to show he was happy? The answer is smiling.
what might a human wish to explore first in our galaxy? The answer is solar system.
the band enjoyed their success and fans, they loved to what at the start of every concert? The answer is hear crowd go mad.
the person knew the police were after him, so what did he do? The answer is prepare to go.
where could you find a quite old clavichord? The answer is museum.
the teacher was explaining the mammoth and the time it lived, he used terms foreign to the students to explain this such as what? The answer is pleistocene.
after getting a divorce what does your relationship status change to? The answer is being single.
what type of feeling is performing for the first time likely to produce? The answer is anxiety.
where would you find sugar in a town? The answer is every home.
where can you buy clothing, sporting goods, and housewares? The answer is department store.
where do you hide a dead body? The answer is trunk.
the executives talked strategy walking through the lobby, what were they likely discussing? The answer is business plan.
what is the opposite of beautiful? The answer is homely.
in what place could you find air that has been breathed by many people recently? The answer is train station.
if a person is at a crossroads decision point, what might is affect for them? The answer is life.
the planned sky scraper was still years away from completion, but excavation had begun where? The answer is construction site.
what causes someone to laugh from something surprising? The answer is funny.
where did the farmer send the heifer to make money when she was no longer useful to the farm? The answer is slaughterhouse.
john is careful about to eating dinner that is healthy because he wants to experience what? The answer is living longer.
where is known to be a wealth of information? The answer is library.
what might you need to do cleaning? The answer is using water.
I want my wine stored in darkness, where should it go? The answer is cellar.
what is a person the leader of after they are inagurated? The answer is country.
people rushed down the aisles in confusion as someone shouted fire, what were they running out of? The answer is opera.
if you were lost you might need a map, the best place to find one on the road is at any what? The answer is gas station.
he showed his ticket and went straight to the bathroom to get out any pee, he didn't want anything to make him have to get up once he took his seat in the what? The answer is theater.
what do lawyers tend to do when they are not treated well at a restaurant? The answer is press charges.
where would a cat like to relieve himself? The answer is sand box.
playing basketball through an injury was his only choice, there was no way he was missing the big game so he would just have to ignore the what? The answer is pain.
john was my neighbor, it was easy to talk to him. he was never what? The answer is distant.
james doesn't like reading books before bed.  he has an active imagination and finds that late night reading gives him what? The answer is nightmares.
the travelers didn't have much money but didn't have far to travel, so were did they go? The answer is bus depot.
if i take my heifer out east, where's a place we might end up? The answer is new hampshire.
where is a flat likely to be grouped with other flats? The answer is apartment building.
the child always talked about being hungry, but the mom was in a hurry, what did the child have to do? The answer is eat quickly.
what has happened if you are dancing and you smell bad? The answer is sweat.
where is a note likely to indicate a melody? The answer is sheet music.
what does someone who has a greed for energy do? The answer is buy food.
people always talked childlike to him, even though his disability was physical and didn't affect his what? The answer is competence.
the audience cheered when a goal was scored, what were they spectating? The answer is sporting event.
jane bought a bag of marbles.  where did she keep them? The answer is pouch.
what keeps a cigarette fresh? The answer is carton.
I am looking for a gift for someone I barely know, where do I look? The answer is department store.
the building was ready for flooring, and that's where the flooring who came in to the picture? The answer is tradesmen.
lance spotted a wet beaver in the river.  where might have lance been? The answer is countryside.
he said he also wanted in, he threatened to tattle what? The answer is otherwise.
what happens when i make a pig of myself eating breakfast? The answer is full stomach.
the end of the barrel of what primitive firearm is bell shaped? The answer is blunderbuss.
how is a christian likely to feel about their death? The answer is reconciled.
where is it likely to find a beach towel? The answer is swimming pool.
you can view a window with your current task on what? The answer is computer screen.
how can a company efficiently sell things to their customer? The answer is mail order.
her and her harp took center stage, it would be her first performance where? The answer is concert hall.
where does a potato enlarge? The answer is garden patch.
the gel container said to keep it cool, where should you put it? The answer is refrigerator.
david was lost but he couldn't remember where he put the map.  he knew that he had it the last time he stopped.  he remembered getting out his toothbrush and brushing, then putting everything up. where might the map be? The answer is suitcase.
as a human who valued privacy he asked that everybody do what so he could act without eyes upon him? The answer is turn away.
james is carrying a duffel bag with him because he doesn't have a vehicle of his own and needs a bag to carry his things in while he uses what? The answer is transit.
sally was watching from near the orchestra pit as the players came on stage.  what sort of building is she in? The answer is theatre.
what do humans take in while breathing? The answer is oxygen.
bob was having fun with bill.  how might bob express his feelings? The answer is may laugh.
the rats were hiding in the house, where were they? The answer is cellar.
too many people want exotic snakes.  the demand is driving what to carry them? The answer is pet shops.
what is necessary for learning by yourself? The answer is study.
you can buy a pen here. The answer is office supply store.
people are helping others while expecting nothing in return, how are they behaving? The answer is altruistic.
where will you commonly get a potato with your order? The answer is steak house.
how would grooming lead to bald spots? The answer is mistakes.
where would you store glue when it's not in use? The answer is desk drawer.
what do people call it when they are going for run? The answer is working out.
john was stuck in his house.  he couldn't get out the door.  he was very frightened when the smoke detectors went off, but luckily it was a false alarm.  why might he be stuck? The answer is winter storm.
john was glad that he had help.  the piano was what? The answer is heavy.
what do you use a clock for? The answer is tell time.
the wind was warm, what effect did it have on the person facing it? The answer is dry hair.
the temperature was such that one could see their breath, what was occuring? The answer is drop to zero.
we were having a canned food drive and i needed to pick up some contributions, where did i go? The answer is grocery store.
a garage is a type of what? The answer is building.
the tickets were supposed to arrive by 1am, but sally had been standing in queue for the concert since midnight and it was now 2am and the line hadn't moved.  why was this? The answer is delays.
what happens while someone is going somewhere? The answer is having to travel.
he was very outgoing, for him making friends was no personal what? The answer is conflict.
where would you find many products for sale? The answer is market.
if people are disappointed by something they aren't entitled to, what must they do? The answer is lower expectations.
the christian rock band was on a large stage, the singer's foot got caught on a wire and he had a small what? The answer is stumble.
many people gather together on sundays, they tend to believe that earth is what? The answer is god's creation.
i'm at a restaurant ans want a glass of milk, how do i find out if they serve that? The answer is menu.
what is a  good way to eat a potato? The answer is vegetable soup.
what might someone do after they finish creating art? The answer is relax.
if people are competing in dangerous events, what could happen? The answer is death.
where do you keep perishable food for a longer time? The answer is freezer.
what do only some types of police do? The answer is direct traffic.
where does a person need to get when they have more kids? The answer is larger house.
the person put on lotion, what did they want? The answer is smooth skin.
jeff fortenberry is the republican representative from this state whose capital is lincoln. The answer is nebraska.
I picked from an apple tree outside of Fort Wayne, where am I? The answer is indiana.
if a crowd of people are all in a relationship except for one, what can they be considered? The answer is single person.
the man sat down at the piano and played the a note for others to emulate, who was he with? The answer is symphony orchestra.
what is my biggest fear when opening a business? The answer is failure.
if you see blinking lights in the air at night, what are you usually looking at? The answer is plane.
the always greeted each other with a kiss, it was a simple way to do what? The answer is show affection.
when picking up drinks, what kind requires you to hold them by the neck? The answer is bottle.
what does someone say when they tell you to go to sleep? The answer is rest up.
where are plants likely to be handled by a city employee? The answer is park.
john walks down an aisle that is full of over the counter medication. and another with assorted items, toys, candy, and whatnot.  if there isn't any food other than candy, what type of store is he probably in? The answer is drugstore.
why is a person likely to stop eating hamburger and save the rest for later? The answer is being full.
where do kids in elementary school keep grapes? The answer is lunch box.
because of safety concerns a law was passed, now all cars must have what? The answer is seat belts.
the agent of change had a loath feeling for the king, he would set for a plan to have him what? The answer is disposed.
the man was bad at getting a job because of his poor references, what did he need to work on being? The answer is reputable.
where would you bring a tote bag with papers in it? The answer is school.
a detective tries to discover truth, some of the best results are from gathering witnesses and doing what? The answer is ask questions.
at the casino i end up playing cards, what is a reason i would do this? The answer is win money.
violence is inescapable.  in both the conflict between nations and the conflict between men.   donny enjoyed the violence.  he likes going up against other people.  that's why he played what? The answer is hockey game.
what is a positive effect of expressing yourself? The answer is empowerment.
when in a serious relationship understanding better requires what? The answer is effort.
james and ruth were getting a divorce.  it was amicable, but it wasn't happy.  there was a lot of what emotion? The answer is sadness.
where can one find a wide variety of chocolate? The answer is candy store.
the token was taken out of the folder due to being fraudulent, what was it taken from? The answer is coin collection.
humans have a number of body parts that serve multiple functions.  name something that they have an abundance of, and which serves a dual function. The answer is ten fingers.
what do people in the same family often share? The answer is names.
if i screw a chain ring onto something, what am i fixing? The answer is motorcycle.
christine couldn't be having a baby at her age, she thought to herself. what was christine? The answer is old person.
where is a monkey likely to be found in the rainforest? The answer is tree tops.
they decided to employ prisoners to dig lines to help fight the what? The answer is fire.
although the living room was set up for the party, where did people tend to congregate while the mother worked? The answer is kitchen.
he enjoyed the factory work, he liked the idea that he did what for sale? The answer is produce goods.
where can you find a pool other than at a nearby residence? The answer is at hotel.
the man often made smart remarks, like that any restaurant is a mexican restaurant where? The answer is mexico.
a company with the moniker of big sky excavation would probably be found where? The answer is montana.
what does living life too hard lead to? The answer is early death.
he was selling all his collector items even the rare plate, he had bought a lot at the what for the weekend? The answer is flea market.
what is someone likely to have after going into a trance? The answer is memory loss.
she found the housing option in the midwest were plain, where should she look for houses for less plain architecture? The answer is georgia.
she complained about the radio, what was it doing? The answer is blaring.
what western state has thousands of miles of shore? The answer is california.
what should one do in order to relieve burnout from staying too long at home? The answer is relaxation.
regular pants are sometimes not long enough if a person is very what? The answer is tall.
james is driving to work.  he's late and he's going very quickly.  what is he at risk of getting? The answer is speeding ticket.
the man was forgiving the person who betrayed him, how is his conscience? The answer is feel better.
where would you get a stepladder if you do not have one? The answer is hardware store.
a beaver builds structures to block what sort of feature? The answer is body of water.
if a person is accused of committing murder, who must they face in court? The answer is prosecution.
where must one wear a white shoe? The answer is wedding.
if you aren't experiencing curiosity and want to ensure viewing enjoyment, what may you watch? The answer is see favorite show.
she was really hoping for queen so she could win, what was she involved with? The answer is deck of cards.
the carotid is a main artery susceptible to damage where? The answer is neck.
jumping up and down over a rope is a form of what? The answer is exercise.
where is an alley cat likely to live? The answer is urban settlement.
what would sex in a happy relationship be called? The answer is making love.
when people travel they usually don't have to worry about medical emergencies because hospitals are where? The answer is every state.
where is the closest sofa located that isn't in your own residence? The answer is neighbor's house.
what do customers do to a waiter after the waiter serves customers? The answer is pay to.
the kids had been having fun all day, there was now a what? The answer is need for rest.
some envy children's bliss, meanwhile some children wish they were what so they could do anything they want? The answer is grown ups.
what prevents a couple from going to bed? The answer is making love.
what does a spider build to capture it's prey? The answer is web.
who do professors work with? The answer is school students.
john knows what environment he can find marmosets in but doesn't know how to find that environment.    what areas of the americas has the environment he's looking for? The answer is south and central america.
other than a municipal park, where would you find a tennis court? The answer is country club.
when will this summer end? The answer is winter.
if you are getting in shape you cannot do this when trying to achieve your goals? The answer is give up.
in what kind of environment does an anemone live? The answer is sea water.
what state is pat roberts the senator of? The answer is kansas.
the canadian farmer wondered if potatoes would grow where he lived, where was his likely location? The answer is prince edward island.
jan went to the auditorium and listened to the speech. where might he be? The answer is high school.
what can happen after setting a cup on a table many times? The answer is clutter.
johnny had a disease that kept him from playing with friends.  his family only wanted him to achieve what? The answer is wellness.
after taking my final exams i got my grades back and had  a 4.0 gpa, how did i feel? The answer is success.
where are you unlikely to find a taxi? The answer is train station.
a poet may need to go where to achieve learning as an adult? The answer is university.
any place sounded good besides mcdonalds, he was hungry enough to go where? The answer is almost anywhere.
the man was watching tv instead of talking to his wife, what is he avoiding? The answer is arguments.
what might someone do with a book if they are experiencing boredom? The answer is learn new.
if there is a pond with tall building around it, where is it unlikely to be? The answer is rural area.
sam liked procreating.   he didn't care about the children, but he loved a specific part of it.  what did he enjoy? The answer is orgasm.
where is a tabby cat likely to be happiest? The answer is lap.
what weapon will aim for the nose of an aircraft? The answer is missile.
if person goes to a bar, spends a few hours hitting the bottle, then takes himself home, what might he get? The answer is ticket.
what could you find moving in a ticket office? The answer is humans.
what is the opposite of ordinary? The answer is exceptional.
who is likely to check you into a beauty salon? The answer is clerk.
after a person celebrates an occasion for hours on end, what might the person experience? The answer is becoming tired.
there is normally a parking area near what collection of small dwellings? The answer is apartment complex.
food is usually stored on what in your pantry? The answer is shelf.
the knowledge was expensive to get, where was it being gained? The answer is university.
what leads to mass death? The answer is nuclear weapons.
where are mine's typically located under? The answer is mountain.
learning languages is difficult.  even in a full immersion environment you're likely to make mistakes, mistakes will cause misinterpretation, which will be uncomfortable, which will cause what?, The answer is frustration.
joan wants to cook a potato, where should she place it? The answer is boiling water.
james think that people need to communicate more.  what do people need to do in order to communicate? The answer is talk to each other.
what does a couple do at the end of the sleighing ride? The answer is kissing.
why do you need faith in religion? The answer is unknowable.
if you are playing poker, what are you doing? The answer is game playing.
where is a notebook often purchased? The answer is bookstore.
after running for 100 miles, he couldn't any more, what is he suffering? The answer is injuries.
when the farmer was reproducing sheep, what did one sheep give later? The answer is birth.
in what area is the use of an air conditioner more common? The answer is south.
john asked for a tissue holder because he had a cold.  where might he be? The answer is airplane.
what will friends in elementary school likely do? The answer is jump rope.
lying to a spouse is likely to make them? The answer is unhappiness.
what did the children do out in the field? The answer is play ball.
when one thinks enough about it, what do they realize everything is made of? The answer is everything.
in america, what is the nortern-most country where an apple tree can grow? The answer is canada.
john cared for sally, but sally couldn't return his feelings. she only felt what? The answer is disinterest.
what type of residence has a ground floor with a stoop? The answer is brownstone.
what is the thing that is agitated in your head when kissing? The answer is happiness.
what is the first thing two people do when they feel an attraction to each other? The answer is flirt.
what is likely to run high when two people are competing against each other? The answer is emotions.
arkansas university plays in the southeastern confernce, the sooners of where play in the big twelve? The answer is oklahoma.
a rosebush or squirrel or other plants and animals are part of what? The answer is nature.
billy was doing his homework at the last minute but he could barely think straight.   what might he have been suffering from? The answer is exhaustion.
how can a bridge be built? The answer is over water.
the window of the honda was hit from the inside, not the outside. where was most of the the broken glass found? The answer is street.
the workers passed through the lobby, what building were they in? The answer is office building.
john tried to gain money, but all of his attempts to improve himself only did what to his income? The answer is reduce.
what grows from all mammal skin? The answer is fur.
why does this person stop and look both ways at a railroad crossing? The answer is fear death.
what causes someone to stop driving immediately? The answer is lack of fuel.
john was an aristocratic fox hunter.  where might he live? The answer is new hampshire.
a person wanted to see prague, so what did he do? The answer is travel to europe.
what is the best way to understand a theory better? The answer is thinking.
a person wanted a seafood dinner, so what did he decide to do? The answer is fish lake.
blowfish require what specific thing to live? The answer is sea water.
where can you store you spare linens near your socks? The answer is dresser drawers.
what would a christian student do if they are not good at learning? The answer is fail.
ben didn't have much respect for sue. he would always do what about her wishes? The answer is disregard.
bobby found the lamp beside him when he got up. where was the lamp? The answer is bedroom.
what do people typically have a hard time doing while at a shop? The answer is spending of money.
what will someone do in the house in the evening because of being hungry? The answer is cook dinner.
the truck driver wanted to read a bible while on a job, where should he find one? The answer is motel.
why would you be unable to use a basketball? The answer is punctured.
billy couldn't pick a side against a friend, so he stood where? The answer is in between.
bob thought that his pokemon cards were common and worthless, but he was wrong about them. they were really what? The answer is rare.
what would easily hide a snake? The answer is thick forest.
what do children feel when going to the opera? The answer is boredom.
what are birds likely to do in the winter? The answer is head south.
where is a boat always supposed to be? The answer is water.
when making a chicken salad, how is the chicken made to be in smaller pieces? The answer is chopped.
james went to wipe the dust off of everything in his kitchen.  he carefully removed a poster and dusted behind it.  where might the poster have been? The answer is fridge.
there is rain outside, what happens to the stuff left outside? The answer is wet things.
he hated having meeting while having food, he didn't want to hear somebody eat and what? The answer is talk.
where do you store your deodorant when not using it? The answer is medicine cabinet.
if someone rules the universe of what are they in charge? The answer is everything.
what would happen if you win after playing a game? The answer is satisfaction.
james loved his workplace.  he was a cashier but he has a lot of leisure time which he spent browsing the new releases and bestsellers.  where might he be working? The answer is bookstore.
what might not returning to work cause? The answer is stress.
if you wanted to confirm information that you had, you would do what to someone? The answer is question.
the canadian was travelling, he visited where in the southwest? The answer is new mexico.
what happens when to ice when it is in the sun? The answer is melted.
what does a server need to be to serve customers well? The answer is polite.
the stabbing to death of a person is likely to create what on the ground? The answer is pool of blood.
he volunteered to help them after the disaster, he was able bodied and hoped to be what? The answer is of service to.
where could you find a bed that has been used by many people? The answer is hotel room.
where would you put a rubber stamp after using it? The answer is desk.
in what substance do clouds float? The answer is air.
where do you put a salad bowl after it's been used? The answer is dishwasher.
if more than one person is talking to another what are they having? The answer is conversation.
the friends loved competing against one another, it was a good way to work their what? The answer is aggression.
what could stop you fron analysing? The answer is change.
his day at the office was nearing an end, he went to the start menu on his computer to do what? The answer is power down.
though the first cup of hot brew was costly you got a free refill, customers really liked the little what? The answer is coffee shop.
what is something children can do while traveling in a car? The answer is listen to music.
if i am hungrier than i am thirsty for a drink, what should i do? The answer is eat first.
where might you find a chair at an office? The answer is cubicle.
the office needed new computers, but it would be quite what to upgrade? The answer is expensive.
where should shoes not be? The answer is table.
the teacher's pet loved answering questions, each correct answer brought her more what than the last? The answer is satisfaction.
where would you sit in a chair while working toward an advanced degree? The answer is university.
the trucker plopped on the bench with a sense of relief, where did he arrive? The answer is rest area.
where would the steakhouse include a view of a great lake? The answer is michigan.
a person is traveling to find fine carpeting, where might they go? The answer is istanbul.
what is a bound stack of papers called? The answer is notebook.
what does playing soccer and winning lead to? The answer is excitement.
where is a beam likely to be created? The answer is construction site.
he chuckled to himself while hiking because of a saying, he had spotted a what on the mountain? The answer is molehill.
what would use an account book? The answer is bank.
the ground floor of what structure would contain workers in suits and ties? The answer is office building.
where would you keep canned vegetables such as carrots over the winter? The answer is cellar.
she explained that you won't always get what you want with a goal, but you should still do what with it? The answer is reach for.
all the other locations had new high prices, so the old single screen what suddenly saw an uptick in customers? The answer is theatre.
george liked hunting foxes.  where might he go to do so? The answer is virginia.
there was only one place that specialized in sports equipment in the town, what seemed really had a shop for everything? The answer is mall.
where would you get jeans and other wearable items to take home with you? The answer is clothing store.
which door with lock holds valuables? The answer is safe.
what could happen after you are eating lunch that affects other people? The answer is bad breath.
studying is the most effective what to get what? The answer is better grades.
where would you be unlikely to find bugs? The answer is roof.
the cow farm was free range, it provided all the quality meat to t he bay area of where? The answer is northern california.
the ficus grew vigorously, this is because it got plenty of humidity and weather where? The answer is tropical rainforest.
what is another name for the color of the fur of a dog with light colored fur? The answer is fair.
whether it's livestock or produce a farmer does what? The answer is produce food.
after buying products, reading the manual enables what? The answer is being able to use.
what do you take fish off of when fishing? The answer is end of line.
if you're running twenty six miles you need to be careful, you should make sure you do what throughout the run? The answer is drink water.
where will you store a bowl while not in use? The answer is cabinet.
what is usually the mood when chatting with friends? The answer is feel relaxed.
there was a black ring where james had placed his full coffee cup.  where might the ring be? The answer is desk.
what building has a ot of glue bottles? The answer is school.
where do you wait in a reception area for a meeting? The answer is office building.
the plants are hungry, what do they need to do for satiation? The answer is photosynthesis.
traveling underwater has many dangers, such as low visibility causing what? The answer is disorientation.
after work and errands the mother just wanted some peace and quiet, she couldn't wait to just get where? The answer is home.
how might others describe someone who goes around killing people? The answer is terrible.
what is likely to happen to trees that are dry? The answer is die.
when potatoes aren't raised in town where are they raised? The answer is countryside.
where would a snake hide before ambushing prey? The answer is deep grass.
this animal with sharp teeth does what for dinner? The answer is hunt for food.
where can leaves slide from and end up in a gutter? The answer is roof.
the news held a forum on who people would choose, they had a group that was what? The answer is undecided.
there is a hard substance that must take on different forms, what are these forms? The answer is formed into cubes.
james's parents felt that he was wasting his money, but they still let him put a coin where every weekend? The answer is wishing well.
what could you do while you are listening to music? The answer is have fun.
what is a sheep called during its first year of life? The answer is lamb.
what would children do if they are bored? The answer is play tag.
sam's children are rambunctious.  what might they do? The answer is throw things.
john wanted a silo home.  he did this because it's cheaper to heat and cool.  what insulates a silo home? The answer is surface of earth.
what might someone not wanting a hamburger want? The answer is pizza.
the government decided it was time to allow companies to do the practice they once what? The answer is forbid.
what sort of gathering might business people attend to get updates about their industry? The answer is convention.
where would you see a performer at a gathering of you friends? The answer is party.
what do you see for entertainment on a screen? The answer is movie.
the people danced to the music, what was the music like for them? The answer is enjoyable.
what is the object with a point used for mountain climbing? The answer is alpenstock.
if you own a cat where is the last place you'd want to find it? The answer is dog's mouth.
what would happen after you finished dying? The answer is would cease to exist.
what place in the us has a lot of mines? The answer is pennsylvania.
where do you throw garbage? The answer is trashcan.
where would you find people sleeping in a chair waiting for a vehicle to arrive? The answer is airport.
after working out and releasing energy all day how are you likely to feel? The answer is exhaustion.
what does someone want when having fun with their friends and trying to fit in? The answer is being understood.
the battleship fleet had all sorts of ships, the small one was called a what? The answer is frigate.
when someone falls from a mountain it will lead them to? The answer is die.
john felt a snake slither over him as he rested.  he was afraid to raise his covers for fear of startling it.  where might he be? The answer is bedroom.
what do you conduct drinking out of? The answer is glass.
where can you commonly find spirits within a house? The answer is liquor cabinet.
it wasn't something he had had before, but he found the chicken and grape vinaigrette what to be delicious? The answer is salad.
what will happen after agreeing with verbally about a deal that you made with him or her? The answer is shake hands.
the aisle that john was on had macaroni, rice, and hamburger helper. what sort of store is john most likely shopping at? The answer is grocery store.
what is likely the result of praying leading to the desired outcome? The answer is relief.
where would you expect to see a coach in europe or south america? The answer is soccer game.
what might someone not caught killing someone have? The answer is guilty conscience.
mary offered to let james sleep on her hide sofa bed, but he thought it was uncomfortable.  where might he have decided to stay? The answer is hotel.
where is the world's most famous horse race? The answer is in kentucky.
why might someone park a moving car? The answer is getting tired.
jenny doesn't like children. what might make jenny like dislike children? The answer is noisy.
what is something that isn't the main focus of a video? The answer is peripheral.
if a product doesn't last, what does it have a reputation of doing? The answer is fall apart.
james imported ugly cabinets because they were cheap.  they wouldn't be seen so it didn't matter what they looked like.  where might they be installed? The answer is pantry.
james found himself watching films all the time.  he did it because he was too high strung and needed some what? The answer is relaxation.
the entrance hall was adorned with sports and academic trophy cases and a big banner where? The answer is school.
the squirrel was rather plump, it had found a home that leaves out what? The answer is nuts.
if it isn't on the ground where is a lizard likely to be found? The answer is tree trunk.
the man was in a rut of selfish thoughts and decided to commit suicide, he didn't think of the what it would cause others? The answer is pain.
where can you find a number of wind instruments together in public? The answer is symphony.
cameron was sleeping under the covers.  he was hunkered down because it was about to do what? The answer is get cold.
what can happen in your mind while sleeping? The answer is might dream.
the revolving door had an emergency security lock because of all the money where? The answer is bank.
what type of bike has an engine? The answer is motorcycle.
what has many head which breath air which is not fresh? The answer is submarine.
where would you find water that is not visible? The answer is steam room.
jim's grass didn't get any sunlight because he parked his car over it.  the grass began to do what? The answer is turn brown.
a court case with a tough judging might result in what? The answer is go to jail.
if a person is seeing new things, what do they most often feel? The answer is curiosity.
where might someone keep  moistener? The answer is bathroom.
if your hair gel stinks it is too what? The answer is perfumery.
what indoor facility would hold an airplane? The answer is hanger.
what entity would have a fire extinguisher in their boardroom? The answer is most businesses.
when people look to store their plastic cutlery, what do they use? The answer is cupboard.
what leads a company to get in trouble? The answer is commit crime.
where do people have screen savers of sunshine? The answer is desktop.
sam turned on the projector and showed his powerpoint presentation to his partners.  where might he be? The answer is meeting.
where does one store fabric in their own home? The answer is sewing room.
there is a lot of sugar in what food that fits in your hand? The answer is candy bar.
sarah was very good with a brass drum.  her friend jane was performing at a concert and asked sarah to join her.  what did jane ask sarah to join? The answer is rock band.
the place specialized in colorful arrangements, but the also had a toy balloon or two where? The answer is flower shop.
what is learning about the world and good in it likely to cause? The answer is pleasure.
if i needed help with answering questions, what would help me? The answer is sharing information.
john didn't like skating much, but he liked it more than his other options.  the doctor said that he needed to take better care of himself, and skating was an activity that did what to him? The answer is increased heart rate.
what do you need to do to get recognition at work? The answer is work hard.
what is a farmer growing in illinois or iowa? The answer is raise corn.
the couple decided the new shades didn't match the old wall color, where did they go next? The answer is paint store.
what do people do if they do not like each other? The answer is part company.
if you need to store old clothes and want to keep moths away you can put them in what large rectangular storage container? The answer is trunk.
a student puked in the cafeteria, the janitor retrieved his bucket of sawdust from the what? The answer is utility closet.
how do birds leave the nest? The answer is spread wings.
a loud machine is irritating, but many are expected where? The answer is industrial area.
where do most people keep their curling iron stored? The answer is drawer.
what are you about to do after cashing in your chips at a casino? The answer is leave.
charlie had a desire to learn, but didn't live near a school, so what did he do? The answer is read book.
if i have a pet bird, what does it likely live in? The answer is cage.
sarah dropped the marble because she wanted to do what? The answer is game.
you shouldn't consume toothpaste, despite that it goes in your what?? The answer is mouth.
the cafe had seating outside, but you could also sit inside the what? The answer is building.
a rock hit the windshield while he was on the highway, it caused him to nearly crash his what? The answer is motor vehicle.
what happens when you cash in? The answer is get money.
where does a heifer's master live? The answer is farm house.
john moved away from his family.  he was a bit upset that he had to do it, but he needed the job.  still, he would have preferred it if the job were what? The answer is closer.
sean was in a rush to get home, but the light turned yellow and he was forced to do what? The answer is slow down.
what happens when you take a shower after going for a run? The answer is feeling refreshed.
the family wanted to live with carpeting, so where did they end up putting it? The answer is houses.
when you see new people move in next door you might find it what? The answer is interesting.
where would children go to see different animals? The answer is zoo.
what is happening while he's playing basketball for such a long time? The answer is sweating.
mary never allowed her animal friend to do what without a leash? The answer is leave home.
where would a cat sit to soak up sunlight? The answer is window sill.
the stud bull was brought in to breed with the prize winning what? The answer is cow.
the man looked longingly at the seats after hours on the road, where was he? The answer is rest area.
he borrowed a metal detector to try to find his ring that he what while pulling weeds? The answer is lost.
she had locked her key in her car again, but luckily she always kept a spare in her what? The answer is purse.
the had a tough day and wanted to imbibe on a spirit, where should he go? The answer is bar.
finding information requires what other than research materials? The answer is time.
when a person takes business calls on the phone, where does it tend to take place? The answer is office.
the man was very tired and sore, he decided to stay in bed to what? The answer is rest more.
what is likely the mood of those going to a party? The answer is happiness.
to avoid problems when going somewhere, whats a crucial step you should take? The answer is plan ahead.
john had his appointment book with him when he got a medical checkup but he lost it somewhere.  he doesn't want to bother looking for it, so where would he go to get a new one? The answer is office supply store.
the student had difficulties reading, he would furrow his brow while doing what on a line of the book? The answer is concentrating.
in order to give birth to a child you have to do this with a man? The answer is have sex.
where is the milky way? The answer is space.
he set up his cart all over the city, but the hot dogs always sold best where people were active like at the what? The answer is park.
where do salmon fish spawn? The answer is river.
joe likes horses.  he likes how they move.  unfortunately he can't keep them because he can't provide for them.  what is one thing that horses need to do to live? The answer is drink water.
setting up framing, truss and beam are some of the first steps in what? The answer is new construction.
if you see policemen outside wearing safety vest and holding flashlights, what are they doing? The answer is direct traffic.
what do people perform if they have a band? The answer is music.
if a person is celebrating something, what is their likely emotion? The answer is being happy.
where would a special ficus be found? The answer is botanical garden.
the shark was migrating between continents, where did biologists find it? The answer is open ocean.
where can a child get a wagon? The answer is toy store.
where might a person play an acoustic guitar at a birthday party? The answer is house.
where would someone learn to play an upright piano? The answer is music class.
where do you go to see live entertainment? The answer is theatre.
what could you use to play music? The answer is fiddle.
he kept a container can for draining oil in what location of the house? The answer is garage.
the universe is quite vast, most say it is even what? The answer is infinite.
where can you buy an electric fan? The answer is hardware store.
he chose a flashy car when he got the promotion, he wanted people to know he could afford what things? The answer is expensive.
matt had issues controlling his anger, what did he do when someone set him off? The answer is punch.
she was pretending to be happy for others, she would always what? The answer is smile.
where would you find people gathered near liquid in a workplace? The answer is water cooler.
where will the stage for the students' graduation be found? The answer is auditorium.
nowadays, where to people find most of their information? The answer is online.
joe and mac were playing basketball. they did it every day in their back yard.  why were they playing basketball? The answer is have fun.
where would a dance club be the furthest in the same direction as the side that won the civil war? The answer is michigan.
billy is stumbling about because he has little light.  there's a rolled up map of stars in the corner.  the floor creaks with every step.  his flashlight is fading.  where might she be? The answer is attic.
the cabinets were imported from the south. john bought they because he knew that they would look good.  where might they be installed? The answer is kitchen.
what could a machine help you with if you need some food? The answer is dispense.
where is known for a multitude of wedding chapels? The answer is nevada.
what would a sick person do if he or she is not treated? The answer is throw up.
if i keep getting crumbs under my table, what should i put under it? The answer is rug.
the man acted ridiculous at the funeral, what attitude should he have taken? The answer is solemn.
with enough helium a balloon can rise and rise high into the what? The answer is atmosphere.
what could silicone get stuck to and cause irritation? The answer is contact lens.
if you're chopping fuel for a fire, when you see a marmot, where would you put it? The answer is wood pile.
what is listening a big part of? The answer is empathy.
hurting someone else is not an acceptable way to express what? The answer is anger.
the princess was pure, the evil wizard wished to do what to her? The answer is corrupt.
the newlyweds began copulating their marriage, they wanted many what? The answer is babies.
the andes pop up through many countries, alphabetically starting with where? The answer is argentina.
where is a teacher likely to keep her clavichord? The answer is music room.
though it was mostly overlooked, he thought he gave a very thoughtful reply to the what? The answer is question.
billy first used a spa when he had a torn ankle and his doctor recommended that he go where? The answer is health centre.
shopping all day is likely to lead to? The answer is tiredness.
if you're drinking for the purpose of getting drunk, the next morning what might you experience? The answer is hangover.
it is hard to predict a rebound in basketball, this is because the ball and rim are what? The answer is round.
if a person throws a coin in the water, where is that person likely? The answer is wishing well.
the forgotten leftovers had gotten quite old, he found it covered in mold in the back of his what? The answer is refrigerator.
what do most people have five years after becoming a parent? The answer is school child.
I want to create something new, what do I need? The answer is plasticulture.
where is a bird likely to make it's home? The answer is forest.
if someone has hunger in the middle of the night what should they do? The answer is have food.
from state to state gardeners appreciate the bee, it is a popular pollinator where? The answer is united states.
what is killing likely to lead to for legal purposes? The answer is criminal trial.
the hikers stopped to have a drink, simply put they what? The answer is were thirsty.
where would you get some chocolate if you want to bake a cake? The answer is supermarket.
she put on some soft music, she just wanted to do what at the end of the day? The answer is relax.
if i am looking for specialized medical consultation, where do i tend to travel? The answer is major city.
the saw was not necessary for car repair, so what wasn't it included with during pucrhase? The answer is tool kit.
the terrace had kanji written on it, indicating that it was made where? The answer is japan.
if a city has a courthouse, what is it considered a government seat of? The answer is county.
where would there be an auditorium with only a single person speaking? The answer is university campus.
what can a person expect from their significant other after a long time away? The answer is passionate kisses.
where is one likely to hear a harpsichord? The answer is concert hall.
where might nymphs live in a pleasure garden? The answer is fairy tale.
if someone is not able to reply to you, they could be? The answer is mute.
many people complain after jumping up and down of which dizziness and? The answer is headaches.
the guy was going to bed instead of going to work, what does he suffer from? The answer is laziness.
where are trees likely to be protected? The answer is state park.
why do people engage in chatting with friends in class? The answer is answers.
billy was happy that you improved yourself.  he invited you to do what? The answer is celebrate.
what would happen to a person if his or her money is stolen? The answer is feel angry.
joe's cat smelled something delicious and jumped into this, causing him to panic and fear for its life. where might it have jumped? The answer is microwave.
where is a marmot known to live? The answer is high mountains.
a requirement committing murder is that someone must what? The answer is die.
curiosity drove the archaeologist, more that the objects themselves he was always looking to what? The answer is find truth.
friends and family had been celebrating their marriage all day, but they were alone finally and it was time for some what? The answer is intimacy.
after he got hired he hoped for success at his what? The answer is new job.
the hot dogs were selling fast at intermission, where were they being sold? The answer is sporting event.
what would a rock form in nature above the treeline? The answer is mountains.
his hair was getting long enough that it could be put in a ponytail, so he headed to this place to have what happen? The answer is cut there.
the extremely large cargo plane could only land at a specialized runway, these were only located at a what? The answer is military base.
where are you if there is a dental office along with other similar provider? The answer is medical building.
james decided that competing was the right choice.   not competing has a defined outcome, but if he competes then what could happen? The answer is might win.
if it isn't found in a jewelry store or boutique when would one find a choker? The answer is jewelry box.
where do you buy a cheap book? The answer is discount store.
how can a human cross a river and not mess up their hair? The answer is bridge.
where would a man carry a dollar bill? The answer is wallet.
what goes well with drinks? The answer is dinner.
she would only buy things on sale as to what? The answer is save money.
where could you find an actual weasel? The answer is great outdoors.
where do i put a folding chair if i have more guests than expected in my house? The answer is room.
the committee had more responsibility, they were a fast growing what? The answer is business.
sally wanted a stuffed animal for her birth day, so her father took her some place to pick one out. where might they have gone? The answer is toy store.
california is known for sunshine and what theme park? The answer is disneyland.
she dug around her what, but just could not find the baby bottle she swore she packed? The answer is diaper bag.
a retired person may have to return to work if they what? The answer is need money.
where is likely to have a family owned barber shop? The answer is neighborhood.
the man was cleaning clothes for his date, what was he looking to achieve? The answer is attractive appearance.
what would cause a person to stop driving at a hotel? The answer is fatigue.
the wood became fossilized, what did the paleontologists call it when they found ti? The answer is petrify.
james was chatting with friends  and eating pizza when he suddenly experienced something.  he ran out of the room to get a pen and paper.   what did he experience? The answer is inspiration.
what will children do with dodge balls? The answer is throw things.
the cabin wasn't as small as it seemed.  it was, in fact, multiple bunkrooms connected by a what? The answer is hall.
john is bringing suit against seth.   this problem has straight there relationship.  what might be increasing between them? The answer is tensions.
if i had more than one steel pen (e.g. 100,000), where would i store it? The answer is warehouse.
hundreds of miles away a paper was signed and the conflict was over, not a single drop of blood would hit the what that day? The answer is battlefield.
where could you find a marmoset in a zoo? The answer is colorado.
what happens to the victim of someone committing a murder? The answer is die.
what material would you put on the walls and floor in a shower? The answer is shower.
must people get up and live life because they? The answer is have no other choice.
she couldn't hide she liked the boy she was talking to, she had a constant what? The answer is smile.
a man was called a weasel for "ambulance chasing," where did he likely work? The answer is law office.
their dad told the kids to play games, he didn't like seeing them all just sitting around looking what? The answer is bored.
people played a variety of games in the soccer field.  it was the closest thing they had to what? The answer is park.
what must elementary school students do when they are going into class? The answer is wait in line.
what would a team be doing when a winning baseball game is imminent? The answer is celebrating.
why might someone go to an office building? The answer is work.
when chatting with friends you admire, what are you hoping to achieve? The answer is social approval.
what is the goal of someone planning to kill? The answer is take life.
why would you be watching tv instead of doing something else? The answer is laziness.
there was a ruin under the site.  billy did what to it? The answer is found.
if you have a large satchel with you when you fly you'll be asked to store it where? The answer is luggage compartment.
you can land, claim your things, and go right to a bus stop where? The answer is airport.
he enjoyed attending lecture, it was his favorite way of what? The answer is learning.
where does someone get a rubber for sex? The answer is drug store.
what do those of a relative committing suicide likely to feel? The answer is sorrow.
sonny thought the concert hall was best located in a place with a lot of people.  where might he put it? The answer is city.
james was cooling off in the pool on a hot summer day.  why might have he been doing that? The answer is relaxation.
what room is likely to have a sideboard on the counter? The answer is kitchen.
what is a northern country where one might find a bald eagle preserve? The answer is canada.
what can prevent a person from being lonely when they are out for coffee? The answer is meet friend.
where does someone convicted of a petty crime likely spend time? The answer is jail.
what would you do if you have curiosity about something but cannot leave your house? The answer is surf net.
what is someone looking for in a new mattress when returning one that had lots of rigidity? The answer is softness.
what is often a side effect of traveling on the water? The answer is motion sickness.
where are you if a cow you've raised gets an award? The answer is county fair.
where do you see a shark in australia? The answer is great barrier reef.
joe and jill didn't want their children to be sedentary.  they might limit the time they children spend doing what? The answer is watch tv.
if you want the comfort of the familiar, where might you go? The answer is home.
the young boy was scared to dance, he found a corner of the auditorium and spent the whole evening doing what? The answer is sitting still.
where would i go to see the most brands of oboe? The answer is music store.
where are you likely to find an artisan market? The answer is town.
what would happen if you are sleeping well? The answer is relaxation.
the tourists sought out red telephone boxes, where do they look? The answer is london.
where would you hear a trumpet along with other instruments made from the same material? The answer is brass band.
where would you go if you wanted to buy an apple and some ice cream? The answer is grocery store.
to locate a choker not located in a jewelry box or boutique where would you go? The answer is jewelry store.
the man was still up at 2:30 am, so he was using the television, what was he hoping he would accomplish? The answer is falling asleep.
where can we see an elephant do tricks? The answer is circus.
the part of a computer that holds the memory and processing chips is called what? The answer is motherboard.
after building his fire, the camper tried washing his hands, what was the immediate result? The answer is become wet.
the travelers came across many a toll road during their road drip through new england and other parts of where? The answer is eastern united states.
where could you get some knives if you are planning to bring them outside with you? The answer is kitchen.
billy was cogitating the situation, but soon he would have to come to what? The answer is decision.
if i am forgiving, what might people think i have? The answer is good heart.
she was a very vain person, in a crowd she loved nothing more than to do what? The answer is draw attention to themselves.
the advertisement came in the form of a pop-up, where did it appear? The answer is web page.
what would describe the hands of someone who doesn't do manual labor? The answer is soft.
where does a potato become softer? The answer is vegetable stew.
where would you dispose of a broken icebox? The answer is junk yard.
where on the u.s. coast would you find hollywood? The answer is california.
how does a bishop move from one place to another? The answer is chess game.
john rode on the plain until it reached the ocean and couldn't go any farther. what might he have bee on? The answer is cliff.
dogs are omnivores which mean they consume plants and what? The answer is eat meat.
sam was planning to return, but his sister was still angry that he was doing what? The answer is going away.
where must you go for a blood transfusion? The answer is hospital.
there were all sorts of shapes in the textbook, the geometry teacher explained how to find the area of the surface for each what? The answer is object.
a person who has a good sense of humor is often called? The answer is witty.
bill bought an upright piano but didn't have anywhere to put it because he lived where? The answer is college.
where is the best place to keep ice crean? The answer is freezer.
where do you get a contraceptive device? The answer is drug store.
visiting museum was eerie and weird to him, he hated the stillness of it and having to only what? The answer is whisper.
what would you put furniture on top of? The answer is floor.
what is likely the fate of a lying employee? The answer is being fired.
the person looked lustfully into his girlfriend's eyes, what did he want to do? The answer is express love.
if they weren't sightseeing, why were they diving through the cave? The answer is going somewhere.
why would you sit down in front of a tv? The answer is relax.
if someone comes in the room while you're cooking what are they hoping to do? The answer is get food.
sam was performing live.  john couldn't be there but he still listened.  what did he listen to? The answer is broadcast.
if an area is not thick with resource, those resources are what? The answer is sparse.
sitting to close while watching tv can cause what sort of pain? The answer is headache.
what bounds a book? The answer is cover.
despite his disdain for the man's action the bravery he showed was what worthy? The answer is admire.
why would someone be listening to music? The answer is enjoyment.
where would you find pencils and young people? The answer is classroom.
brian  took the tool  from the shelf. he thought no one noticed.  as he was talking out, the cashier told him to do what to it? The answer is drop.
a person doesn't have to keep going to school to what? The answer is continue learning.
where can you buy jeans at one of may indoor merchants? The answer is shopping mall.
someone is putting is carpeting that can handle shoes and heavy foot traffic, where is it being installed? The answer is gym.
holding a iron and looking in the distance the idea seemed simple enough to him, he just had to get the ball in the what? The answer is hole.
where should you not drink water from? The answer is toilet.
where can you find a revolving door at a location you spend the night? The answer is hotel lobby.
the computer stopped working, even though john tried his best. what happened to it? The answer is crash.
how do most people communicate? The answer is speak words.
when an inventory gets to see idea become reality they will gather their friends together to what? The answer is celebrate.
what does someone feel after running twenty six miles? The answer is feel tired.
the woman was okay with the bug since it was a predator of aphids, where did the bug live? The answer is garden.
what will happen if you are performing successfully? The answer is happiness.
if i am reading a letter from a friend who i asked to write me a response, what might i be looking for? The answer is answer.
the judge found him guilty of committing perjury, this brought the man great what? The answer is shame.
the audience recognized the filming location.  where might it have been filmed? The answer is new york.
the person wanted to make money, so what did he do? The answer is selling things.
who can have the most influence on washington from a given county? The answer is representative.
james wanted to ruin the parade.  in order to do that, he did something in the middle of the street.  what did he do? The answer is construct.
where would someone keep a grandfather clock? The answer is house.
where do farmers keep toothpicks? The answer is mouth.
where did the person have to walk downstairs to get the tool? The answer is basement.
bob was tossed from his boat in the pacific ocean near the united states.  he sees a shore to the east and swims toward it. where is he most likely swimming to? The answer is california.
where is a frisbee in play likely to be? The answer is air.
if someone is sharp and they highly qualify for a job some might say their qualifications are what? The answer is above board.
what doorway is likely to have a large wooden door? The answer is castle.
he was contemplating a choice, what was he doing the following day? The answer is deciding.
what to you cause by hurting someone else? The answer is physical pain.
what does going to party with the opposite sex lead to? The answer is having sex.
what happens if you eat hamburger that's very big? The answer is get full.
what liquid can be kept in a large container? The answer is juice.
the world is very big, it has many countries and continents on it's spherical surface.  there are many types of people it's very what? The answer is diverse.
driving drunk is very stupid, it can even end up what? The answer is deadly.
where is gruber exacavation from? The answer is montana.
where can i put a coin to stop my car from being towed? The answer is parking meter.
some horses are white others are black, but many are this color which might lead some people to think their milk would taste like chocolate? The answer is brown.
what is happening to a person found guilty of committing murder? The answer is going to prison.
where would a cat not belong? The answer is milky way galaxy.
what does hitting the side of a horse cause? The answer is movement.
you eat popcorn when you go to see what? The answer is movies.
the bird flew around and around, finally it landed on a branch with its what? The answer is two legs.
when you dont want something, you do what to it? The answer is reject.
the nurse had to grade severity of each wound during the emergency, that way the doctor could treat each what in the best order? The answer is injured person.
the membrane could be observed through magnification, it protected the what? The answer is cell.
when is food never cold? The answer is baking.
what is the result of getting drunk? The answer is hangover.
the man was disheveled and wanted to clean clothes, so what was he hoping to achieve? The answer is look better.
where might a teacher share her books? The answer is classroom.
where is a place a beaver wouldn't feel free? The answer is zoo.
if one wishes to dissolve their marriage by getting a divorce, who should one speak with? The answer is lawyer.
what will happen to the animal if it doesn't eat? The answer is die.
the teacher didn't just want the answer and work shown but also for the students to what? The answer is include examples.
the man really like the picture and wanted to look at it while checking emails, where did he paste it? The answer is desktop.
what kind of building sometimes has a basement and is occupied the most on the day after saturday? The answer is church.
the engineer put the new invention on the table in front of his bosses, he turned on his microphone and began his what of the product? The answer is demonstration.
the child really enjoyed the movie, while she liked lady her brother liked who? The answer is tramp.
what would you hold by the handle while many people are watching you? The answer is baseball bat.
where do you keep a credit card? The answer is wallet.
what do people do when they are bored? The answer is write stories.
the receiver had another drop, on the sideline his coach begged him to just make one what? The answer is catch.
john was was looking for a shirt, so he pulled open this.  what did john pull open? The answer is drawer.
where would you go if you want to get many types of goods? The answer is supermarket.
what building in washington d.c. has the most books? The answer is library of congress.
a poor family has no decorations in december, what would make a great gift? The answer is christmas tree.
james drove down the thoroughfare though his home what? The answer is town.
what would cause a ship to stop moving? The answer is run aground.
what type of moistener might someone who uses sanitizer frequently use? The answer is hand lotion.
he could make even the average story dramatic, he had a knack for being what? The answer is hyperbolic.
what can happen when you contemplate alone for a long time? The answer is daydream.
after getting dressed very formally and getting the stereotypical viewing glasses, they went to the ticket office where? The answer is opera house.
what are people playing when they want to take the lead with small papers? The answer is card game.
why do people stop caring about their problems? The answer is become disillusioned.
what does cancer have the potential to do? The answer is kill.
where can humans have a cup of coffee or a sandwich? The answer is cafe.
john and jane were a couple.  they were dating for a while and wanted to be together for even longer. for this reason, they did what? The answer is plan to marry.
expressing yourself by using complicated words and technical language is likely to draw what from you audience? The answer is blank stares.
after being on his feet all day he told his boss he was taking a break and doing what on the bench? The answer is sitting down.
how can one's views change after learning about science? The answer is see things differently.
the shark was navigating across from the african coast to new york, where was it? The answer is atlantic ocean.
if a court case is dismissed after hearing testimony, what would be a likely cause? The answer is change of heart.
john didn't like getting in line.  he  had been working for a long time and was suffering from what? The answer is fatigue.
where do spirits haunt outside? The answer is cemetary.
when helping soldiers in the middle of fighting, where do medics practice practice their craft? The answer is battlefield.
what do children often do before bed? The answer is hear stories.
where would you likely find a laser in a university? The answer is laboratory.
they were trying to explain why the defendant was guilty of obstructing justice, it was their job as the what? The answer is prosecution.
where might i find pens with a company logo? The answer is office.
if you aren't glad, unhappy or gloomy, what illness may you have? The answer is depressed.
a business on the 110th floor is in what kind of structure? The answer is skyscraper.
where would a person keep a personal ficus? The answer is own home.
bill is in a large marsh in florida, where is he? The answer is everglades.
sally took her medicine and experienced strong side effects.  what did doctors say about the side effects? The answer is remarkable.
john noticed that there was a lot of water on his map. water covered more than half of his map, in fact.   what might his map have been of? The answer is surface of earth.
he called his friend to go fishing, but his friend surprised him by saying he was already out there what? The answer is catching fish.
science is a difficult subject.  what's a purer subject? The answer is math.
the herding dog had ample room to run and play, he loved it at the what? The answer is farmyard.
I want everyone to hear my voice, how should I speak? The answer is loud.
where did the two best friends end up having a slumber party? The answer is friend's house.
where is a city hall building likely to be? The answer is town.
where would you find a lizard that is owned by someone with high income? The answer is new hampshire.
if you see a fox in a southern delta state, where are you? The answer is louisiana.
where can i ride my bicycle in order to take graduate classes? The answer is university.
where south of the u.s. can you find a steak house serving dos equis cerveza? The answer is mexico.
she enjoyed the song, it was a famous one about a girl with eyes that where what? The answer is brown.
what do humans do when in a race? The answer is compete with each other.
when a person climbs a mountain and is breathing fresh air, which feeling are they likely to have? The answer is exhilaration.
cats always tickle me with their? The answer is whiskers.
where could you find 10 or 100 home that are not attached together? The answer is neighborhood.
not many people write out reports anymore, they only use paper by loading it into the what? The answer is computer printer.
they were having friends stay at their home, they apologized for only having a sofa bed in the what? The answer is guest room.
sally went to a store and spent money.  most of her purchases were fresh but some were frozen.  what did she do? The answer is buy food.
what has a cash register with a limited items line? The answer is supermarket.
billy enjoyed answering questions.  when all of the questioners went home he experienced what emotion? The answer is sadness.
why did his eyes close and he begin to snore while listening to music that was quiet? The answer is fall asleep.
while resting what are you trying to achieve? The answer is relaxation.
where would one find a snake in a swamp? The answer is louisiana.
there were times where kids wanted to know a definition, so there was a nice big dictionary in the what? The answer is classroom.
they wanted to eat at home but the cupboards were barren, so they had to go what? The answer is get food.
who might wear dark glasses indoors? The answer is blind person.
he had eaten a lot of asparagus, when he was urinating next he was overcome with what? The answer is unpleasant odors.
sam loved buying christmas presents. giving to others made him feel what? The answer is happiness.
where is the last place food is before being eaten? The answer is plate.
he saw that he was about an hour from jackson after heaidng east on the de soto bridge, where was he? The answer is tennessee.
the president keeps his pajamas where? The answer is white house.
where would you find people who work with a round brush? The answer is hair salon.
sarah tried to manage the evacuation, but it was difficult.  she needed special supplies because all around them was what? The answer is desert.
what's the nickname of the monster the beauty loved? The answer is beast.
what is typically the attitude of a child waiting for something? The answer is impatience.
people who do not care about quality food are said to have what? The answer is bad taste.
where is a microphone boom likely to be covering a stock market event? The answer is new york.
what does the sky look like on a sunny day? The answer is appear blue.
when a retired person returns to work they likely need to do what? The answer is earn money.
the twisted kidnapper laid out the deal, killing seemed to be the only way the victim could gain his what? The answer is freedom.
what effect did the sun have on the residents inside? The answer is warm house.
what would anyone want to do during a hot day, even if they cannot swim or have alergies? The answer is cool off.
when people are honest, what do they tend to do? The answer is tell truth.
after jumping up and down on the floor, the child's mother yelled after she was told she was distracting her downstairs neighbors because of making what? The answer is lot of noise.
where could you find a blowfish in a zoo? The answer is cuba.
what is the worst thing that someone can do while driving? The answer is doze off.
the two teams were competing all the time, what likely developed between them? The answer is rivalry.
billy didn't understand computers but he could work them.  this was because he could easily do what? The answer is follow instructions.
john needed to escape.  he hadn't expected that because he was a  solid runt.  what is he scared off? The answer is be imprisoned.
billy lived alone by a lake.  he was told he had to move because people weren't allowed to live where? The answer is state park.
if you cut when waiting at the ticket office, what should your punishment be? The answer is end of line.
what would happen to a building if it is not needed any more? The answer is fall down.
when a person from a polluted city decides to go to the country and is breathing fresh air, what sensation are they seeking? The answer is reviving.
what's the first thing you have to do to return to work one day? The answer is get out of bed.
what covers the largest percentage of the pacific northwest? The answer is united states.
sally was a real estate agent but she was a bad one.  she didn't do well because people knew that she would oversell some features of the homes she sold. they assumed that she was always doing what? The answer is exaggerate.
where would you put a vase on your wall? The answer is shelf.
what do you use to catch a mouse? The answer is trap.
what might be the result if one is convicted of obstructing justice? The answer is going to jail.
if you're telling many people about tasks you perform you have what? The answer is accomplish.
john's rv needs electricity so that he can cook lunch.  where would he go to plug in? The answer is rest area.
long term consumption of beer can lead to all sorts of problems, it can be quite what? The answer is harmful.
what should you do if your pens aren't work? The answer is ink in.
the referee blew his whistle and recited a rule after a play, when did he do this? The answer is football game.
when someone points their transistor radio to the sky, what are they hoping to hear transmissions from? The answer is space shuttle.
where do people rake a leaf into? The answer is compost pile.
what is likely to happen if humans act carelessly? The answer is make mistakes.
sean was an honest person, but his married june, who wasn't honest at all. in fact, who was very what? The answer is deceitful.
what is a person that is able to create art called? The answer is artist.
sam listened for instructions from the ground on the radio.  where might have sam been? The answer is space shuttle.
how are people not likely to find those always holding  a remote? The answer is companionable.
what are dark clouds likely to do? The answer is bring rain.
a wind from the east is often referred to as a what kind of wind? The answer is westerly.
the lady was eating less sweets and snacks, this did what to her weight? The answer is reduced.
what might be the result of a season of successful skiing? The answer is healthy body.
james went to sarah's birthday party on the day after his father died.  he wanted her to be what? The answer is happy.
to go on stage after the audition you could definitely say you what? The answer is have talent.
violence is present in many human endeavors, including sports.  but danny doesn't play sports.  he does violence only during what? The answer is war.
the main part of turkey makes up what? The answer is asia minor.
how do you indicate that you agree wtih someone? The answer is nodding.
what does playing soccer for a long time lead to? The answer is getting tired.
why  would a person stop buying products? The answer is running out of money.
james loved watching the sloth on television.  this was his favorite what? The answer is commercial.
before we are able to run what do we need to know how to do? The answer is learn to walk.
what could happen if you are going fishing in a river and fall down? The answer is wet clothes.
the turkey needed to be kept unspoiled, what is the full name of a useful impelement in this situation? The answer is refrigerator.
what do people do when they are in a fight? The answer is get angry.
sam was a short distance runner. he couldn't do long distances.  what might happen if he tried long distances? The answer is get tired.
some people hate attending meeting, they're worried it'll bore and they will what? The answer is fall asleep.
dogs are very loyal if they have a good owner, they will always what them? The answer is defend.
brother dan sat in a holding char around in a circle and talked to his peers.  where could he have been? The answer is meeting hall.
where is a reception desk typically located? The answer is lobby.
joe put clear tape on his glasses because he did not want to do what to his field of vision? The answer is obscure.
where is a control room needed to prevent wide spread disaster? The answer is nuclear plant.
what would someone be if he or she did not see a sharp object falling in front of him or her? The answer is unobservant.
sam didn't have to walk far to get lunch.  there was a deli on the ground floor of his what? The answer is office building.
he was trying to explain to his religious parents that stopping being married to his ex was the right thing to do, but they still found it what? The answer is wrong.
what proof is required to purchase beer? The answer is i.d.
a person is done eating lunch, why have they likely stopped? The answer is feel full.
the illusionist had a lot of lying in his magic act, it was all part of his act of what? The answer is deception.
it was a vast complex, the launch pad was just one part of what? The answer is space center.
where did the old ladies indoor only pet cat stay? The answer is residence.
what should student do if they want to learn different ways of seeing the world? The answer is study philosophy.
where do people perter to have linoleum on the ground? The answer is kitchen floor.
what can one add to a building to increase it's size? The answer is rooms.
what might i use to grow a ficus on my patio? The answer is pots.
billy bob sat on a bar stool and ordered a steak.  he ordered a steak because despite the style this place didn't serve alcohol.  what sort of place was this? The answer is restaurant.
what does going to bed with your spouse for sex lead to? The answer is get pregnant.
how is someone likely to feel about a person hurting someone else? The answer is will resent.
what do people do if they are near the sea? The answer is eat fish.
kids have vivid imaginations, they can take anything and use it to what? The answer is play games.
wanting to avoid the cabbage spoiling, where did he put it? The answer is freezer.
the merchant wanted to open in a high-traffic space, where did he rent space? The answer is mall.
what does a human do during self improvement? The answer is better himself.
out changing society meets a lot of resistance by people who like the old way of things.   but slowly, new ways gain what? The answer is acceptance.
james didn't understand what was going on, but he knew that he had to choose.   he decided that he wasn't going to accept temptation, and did what to it? The answer is reject.
how does going jogging generally affect one's self esteem? The answer is feel better.
the fox was caught by animal control, where was it released? The answer is rural area.
what would you be if you do not have work? The answer is unemployed.
danny found an old film in a sealed what? The answer is cabinet.
the flour was stored away from the kids so they couldn't play with it, where was it? The answer is pantry.
what is often the result of having lunch too fast? The answer is heartburn.
where is beaver likely to be found? The answer is lake or river.
is has been speculated that a aliens could be communicating by doing this? The answer is thinking.
where can you store your dishes in your dwelling? The answer is shelf.
what would you most likely use a blower to remove snow from? The answer is ground.
a small dog is lost in new england, where would it likely be found? The answer is new hampshire.
the showroom had  variety of automobiles, where was this showroom located? The answer is car dealership.
what happens to people over time? The answer is become old.
what leads a person to check up on someone else when they are working? The answer is mistrust.
what type of home does a spider live in? The answer is web.
what common plant doesn't need water? The answer is cactus.
how do people trade for services or goods? The answer is use money.
most dentist offices are found in what groups of homes and businesses? The answer is city.
what is another way to say someone is a failure? The answer is amount to nothing.
the crab was being netted of the coast of louisiana, where was he caught? The answer is gulf of mexico.
they were under several feet of dirt.  james always found it claustrophobic.  he hated using it.  what did he hate using? The answer is subway.
he wanted to play an alto sax to be clearly heard over the other ruckus, what was he a member of? The answer is marching band.
what do children like to do on a ranch? The answer is ride horses.
where would a cat snuggle up with their human? The answer is comfortable chair.
to prevent any glare during the big football game he made sure to clean the dust of his what? The answer is television.
if a person sees an accident, what do they generally wonder? The answer is wonder what happened.
if you've been standing in queue for a long time you may develop some what? The answer is impatience.
where is a bald eagle safe? The answer is wildlife refuge.
fish have fins to move underwater, but can't walk because what? The answer is no legs.
if i did not have a rosebush, where would i get one? The answer is garden center.
if you have two dogs, you'll quickly find that you have many more. this is because dogs are capable of what? The answer is reproduce.
where would you find a pot with something alive in it? The answer is greenhouse.
the woman was watching tv instead of going to the gym, what was she at risk of doing? The answer is get fat.
james needed the tools now.  he wished he had remembered to pack them when? The answer is then.
the man went to clown college, he had always want to run away with the what? The answer is circus.
where is the ideal location for a post office? The answer is center of town.
if you feel like everything is spinning while climbing you are experiencing what? The answer is vertigo.
where would you expect to find popcorn in a public place? The answer is movie theater.
where would you find several businesses in the same location? The answer is office building.
if someone has a strong feeling of greed and wants to make some quick money what might they try to do? The answer is play poker.
james and sarah went to the soccer field to spend their time, because it was muddy where they usually go.  where might they usually go? The answer is playground.
how do you feel if you overindulge when eating breakfast? The answer is fullness.
when you have fun by doing many things that are planned, you are? The answer is spontaneous.
the person sees the messy house that was clean earlier that day, what was the reaction? The answer is feel upset.
grandma always had baked cookies, all you had to do was look in the what? The answer is jar.
which country is very known to have a mine and explosion problem? The answer is cambodia.
she created music to share how she felt with another, what was her goal? The answer is express emotion.
she loved spending money at the thrift store on knickknacks, this resulted in a lot of what on every shelf in her house? The answer is clutter.
the high rollers began playing poker, there were no blinds so they all did what? The answer is ante.
why do people start to play sports at the gym? The answer is get in shape.
where could a bee die due to lack of oxygen? The answer is trash can.
the moss was slippery because of constant moisture, what was nearby? The answer is waterfall.
billy liked going to the party.  he enjoyed mixing.  he liked to do what? The answer is meet new people.
when the man was preparing for having a bath, what did he look for in the water? The answer is being clear.
what is something that happens when you are learning about science? The answer is increased knowledge.
where are you if professionals are applying hair gel? The answer is barbers.
james went across the street for food because his was contaminated. where might he have gone? The answer is neighbor's house.
where is a cord likely to be on a tent? The answer is sporting goods store.
from the groups having fun to the falling pins, you'll hear a lot of noise where? The answer is bowling alley.
what may a person want to buy at a carnival for a sweet treat? The answer is cotton candy.
a ficus can get quite large, but a smaller one can be kept inside in a what? The answer is flowerpot.
the print was extremely small, as he was reading letter after letter he began to suffer eye what? The answer is strain.
a student wants to hear what the professor is saying, what does he do? The answer is listen carefully.
if you hit a person with a stick, it is likely that they will do what? The answer is suffer pain.
what do you do to win when you compete against someone? The answer is practice.
what are the problems of eating and not exercising? The answer is gaining weight.
the lock kept the steering wheel from moving, but the thief still took his chances and began to work on the what? The answer is ignition switch.
if i want a new ottoman, where should i go? The answer is furniture store.
where is a dress shirt kept? The answer is closet.
on what device can you watch a program without leaving your home? The answer is television.
the man practiced his communicating skills before the large event, he was new to the city and planned on doing what? The answer is making friends.
where do you get clothes in a shopping bag? The answer is retail store.
where are you if you're drinking beer and watching men hit a black and white ball with their feet? The answer is soccer game.
a bug was looking for wildflowers and no human interruption, where did he go? The answer is meadow.
after chewing food and swallowing it during meals, what needs to happen for you to be able to successfully use the bathroom later? The answer is good digestion.
what is the purpose of drinking water? The answer is hydration.
how does killing someone usually end? The answer is funeral.
what do humans often do while they're asleep? The answer is dream dreams.
people of faith believe what is a vessel for the soul? The answer is human body.
where do homeless people go to ty to move around? The answer is bus depot.
john was 15 and this was the first year he would get to do what? The answer is go to high school.
sam had tickets to the concert hall, but really didn't like to go because it was too loud.  he traded them for tickets to what? The answer is theater.
the dog ran to the front window and barked, this is because of a presence at the what? The answer is front door.
the teams were evenly matched when competing against one another, what did spectators want to find out? The answer is winning or losing.
where might a jellyfish get cold? The answer is atlantic ocean.
who is likely to use too much salt? The answer is fast food restaurant.
what do you want to do to conquer opponent? The answer is win.
what is a great thing to do with used glass? The answer is recycled.
if a person loses their balance while on roller skating and can't recover what happened to them? The answer is falling down.
where can i get a drink? The answer is bar.
almost everyone who has been driving a car has seen or been in a what? The answer is automobile accidents.
how could excessive heat do to cause you to fall down? The answer is thin ice.
where would you store potato chips in their home? The answer is pantry.
there was a toll road that meandered from maine to new hampshire, where was it? The answer is new england.
when you need to rest it's often because you have been doing what? The answer is using energy.
when a newborn's eyes open for the first time it will be the first time the ever? The answer is see light.
where would you expect to see a human eye? The answer is person's head.
what type of person usually gets an illness? The answer is elderly person.
what is the opposite of ambiguous? The answer is clear.
children's behavior is a direct reflection of their what? The answer is parents.
where do the people find milk for sale? The answer is supermarket.
to learn something new, what is something an adult can take? The answer is college class.
what happens at the first opening of a business if it's not succesful? The answer is lose money.
what do eating hamburgers in excess lead to long term? The answer is health problems.
if someone doesn't enjoy playing baseball what might they call it? The answer is stupid.
the keys were black and white, what were they attached to? The answer is piano.
what type of people get books written about them? The answer is important.
where would you find many shower curtain being used? The answer is hotel.
what might happen to a person after falling? The answer is feel embarrassed.
where would someone find it odd to discover bread? The answer is refrigerator.
where would explosive devices be used to build and demolish things? The answer is construction site.
what do you need energy to do in gym class? The answer is play sports.
bob is happy that the programs he was in will be seen by millions of people.  where will these programs be shown? The answer is television.
he saw the kid begin to fiddle with things, he then stated his observation to the kid saying what directed at him? The answer is you're bored.
the trees received lots of water and sunlight, what happened as a result? The answer is grow bigger.
who is not likely to have sex? The answer is children.
where is not likely to have a doormat for wiping feet? The answer is hallway.
saul is writting a program and has been told that another team has been working on added functionality.  he's not sure hot the other team's work will impact his. what does his bosses want him to do with the new code? The answer is need to integrate.
while knitting you can do what using a radio? The answer is listen to music.
what do you have to do in a boat to bring home fish? The answer is go fishing.
at the new comic store he found himself making friends, it was nice to meet people with what? The answer is common interests.
what might a couple have a lot of when they are deciding on stopping being married to each other? The answer is fights.
how would one describe the effects of a hurricane? The answer is horrendous.
where do you see clouds? The answer is sky.
the man was a great motivational speaker, he explained how his disability was actually his greatest what? The answer is strength.
what type of store would have lots of sports equipment? The answer is sporting goods store.
exercising daily requires a lot of what mental toughness? The answer is discipline.
the comedian made a dull joke about a bald eagle and it ending up that way because of what treatment? The answer is chemotherapy.
joe was driven by curiosity to take up a career doing what? The answer is design software.
the competition contestant had simply run out of steam, it seemed she was doing what? The answer is quitting.
what can the stockholders of the company look at to see how well it's doing? The answer is earnings.
how do you ask someone to entertain you ? The answer is please.
where could you find a cow that is not real? The answer is fairy tale.
where would a weasel go if it is hungry? The answer is cherry tree.
where would you put your car keys if you want to go driving? The answer is ignition switch.
why would people use airplanes? The answer is war.
what does a gambler do that causes him or her to be unhappy? The answer is lose money.
the fire was out of control.  if it wasn't stopped, it might do what to someone? The answer is harm.
if i was getting drunk and lost control of my inhibitions, what might happen to me? The answer is pass out.
what can be the result of meeting people with similar attitudes? The answer is making new friends.
he worked in the back unloading large container from delivery trucks, they always had food in them because he worked where? The answer is supermarket.
where would using a boat require navigation skills? The answer is ocean.
where could i eat a chocolate cake? The answer is restaurant.
the shopping arcade had a lot of foot traffic, where was it located? The answer is busy city.
if clothes have developed a smell and can't be washed what should you do with them? The answer is air out.
she had an alacrity for anything life threw her way, but when it came to relationships she had some what? The answer is reluctance.
the music was very dear to him, he had done what with it during an important time in his life? The answer is composed.
when someone is searching for a place to have lunch they are trying to? The answer is find food.
authors have a wide range of emotions from relief to happiness when they finally what? The answer is complete writing.
in movies car chases usually wreck a what stand? The answer is produce.
what is the opposite of what will happen if you're lying constantly? The answer is good things.
what benefit can you get from watch tv? The answer is learn.
if i was very excited about meeting people who were very close family, what emotion would i be feeling? The answer is love.
if you see a fox in fargo, what state are you in? The answer is north dakota.
where will you find billions of grains of sand? The answer is beach.
sarah didn't like to play but she didn't want to be sedentary and bored, either, so she took up what? The answer is musical.
where is highly unusual to put a furnace? The answer is cellar.
where would you stand in a line and not need a coat if it is cold outside? The answer is post office.
what might a person be if they watch a horror movie? The answer is fearful.
where would you buy wearable gold? The answer is jewelry store.
john notices that the solution is getting warm.  this is an expected consequence of what? The answer is increase of temperature.
after spending a hot summer day running after ball while playing baseball, what might happen to a person's body? The answer is sweating.
billy tried to arise, but he could not stand from bed. he continued to do what? The answer is lay down.
the forests were depleting everywhere, what does this negatively affect? The answer is earth.
where is a catwalk unlikely to be? The answer is fieldhouse.
someone who doesn't believe in the divine could be called what? The answer is godless.
having lunch too many times can result in what? The answer is obesity.
he was setting up a pond in his backyard, it had two levels and he used flat rocks to create a what from one level to the other? The answer is waterfall.
the wood was still rough to the touch, what did the woodworker have to do? The answer is sanded.
what is someone likely to want as a result of sex? The answer is procreation.
if a human is contemplating something, what are they in a state of? The answer is deep thought.
there was a sign telling picnickers not to feed squirrels, where was this sign likely placed? The answer is park.
why does grooming require careful consideration.? The answer is mistakes.
the comforter was missing from the couples' sleep the other night and they were cold, where should it have been? The answer is bedroom.
where do uniformed officials search travelers looking for terrorists? The answer is airport.
they kept doing things the same, she suggested they also try doing things what? The answer is differently.
if union workers go off strike it means management did what? The answer is demands were met.
the trim made a good line between the floor and the what? The answer is wall.
mary was in motion the whole time.  from per perspective, it looked like everyone else was what? The answer is standing still.
where do you sit in bleachers and watch large men run? The answer is football stadium.
where can you buy a complex system? The answer is computer store.
she really enjoyed to make bread, because when you made your own it was always what? The answer is fresher.
what does a person do when they are blocking someone in a driveway? The answer is moving car.
what is the primary duty of a chef? The answer is prepare food.
the man took 3 hours every morning for grooming, what is the likely result with his job? The answer is tardiness.
what country is a marmoset from? The answer is france.
the woman said she might show up, but being as she was committed, what is the likelihood she would show up? The answer is definitely.
what do people want to minimize by surprising rather then prepping? The answer is expectation.
you can buy gum, candy and popcorn before watching what? The answer is movies.
getting drunk and using stairs can be dangerous, one might find themselves what? The answer is falling down.
what can occur in fencing when it is really hot? The answer is perspiration.
what is a well known way for couples  of celebrating a marriage? The answer is having sex.
where might one see a fine picture as the background of their surrounding environment? The answer is art show.
they were kissing each other good bye, they had no worries because their relationship had a strong foundation of what? The answer is trust.
the teen had bad posture, he never stood what? The answer is upright.
what would encourage someone to continue playing tennis? The answer is victory.
where can you get a brand new book shelf? The answer is furniture store.
what do people usually do when listening to music? The answer is dance.
the coupon frenzied lady bought many bags of chips, she had her kids stuff the bags on the shelves in the what? The answer is pantry.
after the windstorm it needed replacing, he decided to get a heavier tile what? The answer is roof.
why would you be staying in bed and not moving at all? The answer is doze.
the coach decided to make a lineup change, the team's effort was suffering from what? The answer is stagnation.
she used her connections to get an interview, where did she want to work? The answer is company.
he was a great man, because of this he had to keep the hair of his what trimmed? The answer is moustache.
what falls out of the sky but is generally well received? The answer is rain water.
she wanted to be a star, so where did she move? The answer is hollywood.
farting while not at home may cause you to experience what? The answer is public disapproval.
the bedroom is pretty much the only room, that's the common layout where? The answer is at hotel.
where would you find a window in a house? The answer is wall.
if your cake is still unbaked, where should you put it? The answer is oven.
where might a milking machine be located? The answer is barn.
where would you get some maps that you own? The answer is cabinet.
the dog really liked the treats, which was good since they were for the health of his what? The answer is teeth.
what could happen after you were hiking for only a short time? The answer is smile.
if children get confused walking home where may they go? The answer is wrong house.
where is a ferret getting lots of attention likely to be found? The answer is petting zoo.
the women were scantily clad but did their jobs well.  it was easy to use sex to do what? The answer is sell beer.
when people own restaurants, what are they doing? The answer is selling food.
I am a person, and I bought this with my own money.  What can I say about it? The answer is own object.
what is a reason to pay your television bill? The answer is legal.
in the movie a fragile man is causing accidents, his hope is to find a person opposite of him who is what? The answer is unbreakable.
what is a person chatting with friends likely hoping to accomplish? The answer is social bonding.
steve breathed in deeply, using his diaphragm.   the diaphragm is a muscle.  name something that has muscles? The answer is human.
you will find many swamps in the in the southern u.s. along what geographic feature? The answer is river delta.
where would you find a monkey in the wild? The answer is thailand.
where does blood travel in a person? The answer is capillaries.
you can use a stick to swat at what growing in a field? The answer is grass.
what will a person going for a jog likely be wearing? The answer is comfortable clothes.
what does playing guitar cause a person to do? The answer is making music.
people are meeting people, what is the likely physical gesture? The answer is shake hands.
what is a square constructed of? The answer is four sides.
who can i play with if i know how to play an upright piano? The answer is band.
if you're wet cleaning a floor while doing housework, what do you need? The answer is mop.
john is surrounded by water.  there is no land in sight.  he was going from britain to america, when his vessel went down. where might he be? The answer is ocean.
a person walked into a church that was located near a store.  where might the church be? The answer is street corner.
what part of us is virginia in? The answer is south.
some people have many pairs of jeans, they store them in their what? The answer is closet.
what container does peanut butter come in? The answer is jar.
lighting a match in a dark tunnel is most likely for what? The answer is illumination.
a sporting goods store is usually found in shopping squares and malls, but the privately owned shop was just right there in the small what? The answer is town.
they were surprised that he enjoy rap, but he explained that every genre has what? The answer is good music.
when the package failed to deliver due to nobody being home, what did the carrier have to do? The answer is take away.
the roadway  led away from town and towards what? The answer is countryside.
alabama has to consider a hurricane once in awhile as it is one of the whats? The answer is gulf states.
playing baseball is a lot like any other sport, there is always a risk of what? The answer is injury.
when old conservative people observe a changing society, what do the experience? The answer is anger.
the committee represent the rest of the members, they met every sunday right after what? The answer is church.
the training explained his job was to serve customers, whatever they needed he should do what? The answer is help.
if you worked at an office building, where you might find a ficus tree? The answer is boss's office.
where would a lizard surprise a person? The answer is garden.
what is the opposite of an area of elevation? The answer is depression.
they would strike at night, the order to rise was given when? The answer is sundown.
his mind was far away even though his body was what? The answer is present.
james sat in a chair and listened to the speaker.  where might james be? The answer is auditorium.
if ships are in a storm and the sun comes out, what has happened? The answer is bottom out.
what does committing murder lead to in teh family of the murdered? The answer is great sorrow.
where would you find people using a laser to alleviate suffering? The answer is hospital.
why might someone continue smoking? The answer is pleasure.
to play sports professionally you must do what very often? The answer is practice.
the dog was wild and didn't listen to its owner, the person had never given it what? The answer is punishment.
where is the best place to use a curling iron? The answer is bathroom.
if i'm playing ball, i'm mostly trying to do what? The answer is having fun.
one of the potential hazards of attending school is what? The answer is colds and flu.
where would you go if you only wanted to buy clothes? The answer is clothing store.
what can happen to you when you are using television and it is not interesting? The answer is fall asleep.
where is the great white shark most commonly located? The answer is pacific ocean.
he decided to speak up and be what about the written assignment the students found unfair? The answer is verbal.
where can one find a store that sells sports equipment? The answer is mall.
the archaeologist was seeing artifacts that he knew were fake, how did he feel? The answer is angry.
the installers had to move all the rows of benches, they were putting in new carpet where? The answer is church.
colorado became one of the first to legalize recreational marijuana in the what? The answer is united states.
I was craving Tyson chicken but didnt have any where did i acquire more? The answer is bought at store.
sarah wasn't a good person. she was always away, always busy, never there.  her wife wanted her to be more what? The answer is available.
billy  found that his toilet was overflowing.  water was splashing onto  the floor and making a huge mess.  he got a mop and tried to clean it up.  where might the toilet be located? The answer is bathroom.
where  are kids likely to be found in a school cafeteria? The answer is high school.
the child was getting many gifts for his birthday, his father reminded him to do what after opening each one? The answer is say thank.
where might someone learn about a piccolo? The answer is music class.
what happens to cats if they are near water? The answer is annoy.
where is a person likely to dance to disco in a bavarian town? The answer is germany.
where would you play a board game with your family? The answer is home.
where would a soprano sing live for money? The answer is opera house.
while he golfed she got a spa treatment, they were glad they became members where? The answer is country club.
the lady fumbled in her purse for change she didn't have, the person beyond offered a helping hand in what? The answer is pay.
if you cannot see a cloud because it is too dark, what can you distinguish? The answer is night or day.
what does someone want to do fast when they complete something in a perfunctory way? The answer is complete.
what does a person get from drinking milk? The answer is strong bones.
the janitor never had much to clean after services, but there was still always a paper or two to pick up where? The answer is synagogue.
what do cats have in common with most mammals? The answer is four legs.
as in part of string theory, what particle makes up hadrons? The answer is quark.
what is required to be good at playing tennis? The answer is skill.
if i want to open a steakhouse, what should i get first? The answer is building.
jim is normal.  he are bad sushi, and he made a terrible mistake.  he hit a car because he mistook forward for what? The answer is reverse.
what is the worst outcome of an injury? The answer is cause death.
if your joke is funny you will not experience surprise if someone does what? The answer is laugh.
where would you put a candle if you wanted it on a wall? The answer is shelf.
one indicator of a mouse in your house is what? The answer is small hole.
where can a person buy clothing and appliances? The answer is department store.
if i wanted to pay a bill from my house where would i put a letter? The answer is mail box.
what are you usually at when you sit on a bench on a curb? The answer is bus stop.
where can a human find dive in chlorinated dihydrogen monoxide? The answer is swimming pool.
what would you need to do to live life? The answer is breathe.
james didn't have much respect for sarah. he spoke to her how? The answer is contumely.
officers will carry a pistol to shoot deserters from what? The answer is war.
recording somethign on an old answering machine required you to put what inside of it? The answer is tape.
if you're typing for a long time, what's a sign you should take a break? The answer is pain.
the circus monkey waived a white surrender flag, the conductor joked the monkey must work in the what? The answer is french government.
john was writing into the wee hours.  because of this he left a mess where? The answer is desk.
where might a snake drop from? The answer is tree.
he looked at his report card and felt pride, what was accomplished? The answer is pass class.
the person saw the tomatoes were dying, what did he do next? The answer is water garden.
where could you find insects eating something green? The answer is field.
where do most birds put eggs? The answer is nest.
the man tried to reply to the woman, but he had difficulty keeping track of conversations that he didn't do what to? The answer is initiate.
the laser light hurt his eyes, how would he describe it? The answer is forceful.
joe suffered many consequences from stabbing a stranger to death.   among them, the family of the victim did something to him. what was that? The answer is law suit.
in many species of animal the whats are the dominate ones? The answer is males.
what happens if you trip while playing basketball? The answer is fall down.
what do people who want to unwind by listening to music find music to be? The answer is relaxing.
what do people do to pass time when washing clothes? The answer is singing.
a potato is kept in the cellar, where is likely to be stored? The answer is bushel basket.
what are our bodies doing after having food? The answer is digesting.
what might make a person stop driving to work and instead take the bus? The answer is transportation cost.
what do airplanes do as they are beginning to take off? The answer is speed up.
where is the large area location of the empire state building? The answer is new york city.
love leads people to fully do what? The answer is live life.
what city is likely to have a tearoom? The answer is london.
what would you tell ali to do if he bumps into you when you are walking? The answer is slow down.
if a cottage is above the cloud line, where is it? The answer is mountains.
if you do not have a bean, where would you go to get one? The answer is food store.
after i urinate and flush the toilet and wash my hands, what should i do next? The answer is eat.
where might someone go after dealing with a passing sentence? The answer is appeals.
what is a computer user likely to think a computer crash  is? The answer is hell.
killing people should not cause what emotion? The answer is joy.
where does a person who is a weasel tend to be employed? The answer is used car lot.
where would you see some people doing jumping jacks? The answer is military base.
bringing suit against a family member will cause what with the rest of the family? The answer is tensions.
a person misses his aunt, what is he likely to do about it? The answer is visit relatives.
her brother and sister-in-law were coming to visit, she told the kids that uncle and who were coming? The answer is aunty.
the old man would be stuck staying in bed, part of the nurse's job was to move him so he wouldn't get what? The answer is bed sores.
how would someone feel after going for run? The answer is get tired.
your oven is most likely found where? The answer is own home.
you often keep tools in a box in your? The answer is garage.
john is getting something important.  what does this make him feel? The answer is being happy.
she loved the music so much, how did she describe it? The answer is beautifull.
the cover was a hindrance to the diners, so what did they do with it? The answer is leave open.
john wants to eat at an indian restaurant in on top of the space needle, where would he have to go? The answer is seattle.
james used the oven  to cook the meat.  how might it cook the meat? The answer is roast.
what was the reaction when the children were given ice cream? The answer is enjoyed.
the christian sunday school teacher gave out a punishment, this happened when the students did what to her orders? The answer is disobey.
a doctor can prescribe an antibiotic in many forms, what type might have a gel coating? The answer is capsule.
what will you do after you are awake? The answer is open eyes.
what does a person want to do the first day of school? The answer is meet friends.
what kind of place does a beaver call home? The answer is woodlands.
what is someone likely to feel after the act of procreating? The answer is feeling good.
where would a child be happy to find chocolate? The answer is christmas stocking.
where is one likely to find poker chips? The answer is bar.
what is the result of instituting civil action? The answer is going to court.
when you're driving you're what from place to place? The answer is moving.
an underrated thing about computers is how they manage workflow, at one time it was a big deal when they could first do what? The answer is multitask.
you will find many a cannon on what vessel full of criminals? The answer is pirate ship.
where in a meadow would a snake hide? The answer is high grass.
expressing yourself in public without wearing pants will likely result in what? The answer is getting arrested.
the traveling business man was glad his credit card had perks, it offset the high prices for travel from a what? The answer is airport.
the car had its turn signal one, where was it stopped? The answer is street corner.
the famous cornet was displayed so everybody could see it with other famous items where? The answer is museum.
where is a snake not likely to go? The answer is creeks.
who collects many a drop of blood? The answer is blood bank.
the skin was cut while chopping onions, where was this skin likely cut? The answer is finger.
if you wanted to grow an apple tree, you'd probably start where? The answer is garden center.
where are small grapes used? The answer is wine press.
john was waiting for his plane for hours.  his butt hurt from sitting in a hard plastic chair all that time.  but it was still better than sitting on what? The answer is floor.
lily bought some new clothing at the mall. she put it in her car and took it somewhere. where might she take it? The answer is house.
where do you buy your birth control pills? The answer is drug store.
the ancient seafaring norse tribesman brought pelts of weasel aboard his what? The answer is viking ship.
where is a good place to keep a saucer you don't use but want to look at? The answer is china cabinet.
laddie owned a dentist office.  it was the only dentist office in the area.  where might laddie live? The answer is town.
I went to a party at my friend's house in New York and everyone there shared a meal in what eating place? The answer is dining room.
what do parents tell a child to do on the weekend? The answer is go out to play.
they were worried about the fruit staying fresh in the heat, so they put it in the what? The answer is refrigerator.
what is used to make beans into a drink? The answer is cooking pot.
why would someone stop having food? The answer is being full.
if i am a person, i have a unique ability to do what? The answer is stand upright.
sterotypically, people read the newspaper with their family early in the morning.  what is something else that people also do with their family when they first wake up? The answer is eat breakfast.
what do you fill with ink to print? The answer is printer.
where does an athlete usually prepare for a game? The answer is locker room.
where does a shadow usually appear? The answer is ground.
starting in the mouth and passing through the throat what organ is where food passes through the body? The answer is alimentary canal.
when a person is convicted of committing murder, what happend to them? The answer is incarceration.
what might someone be doing that committing perjury would result in jail time? The answer is testify.
a person is alone in the woods and wounded, what should he do? The answer is doctor himself.
some kids are shy in school, so taking a shower where can be intimidating? The answer is locker room.
sam would cry when he watched old yeller.  the movie was what? The answer is were sad.
I was entertained while watching film, what is my reaction to it? The answer is like.
what is the legal consequence of killing likely to be? The answer is being imprisoned.
there weren't potatoes but actually a snake in his what? The answer is burlap sack.
we are all human, and we all what? The answer is die.
two friends wanted to spend a quiet evening together, what did they go see? The answer is movie.
the elephants had way more personality than he expected, he found the younger ones were quite playful and what? The answer is cute.
what is a negative effect to someone other than a spouse when two spouses are getting divorced? The answer is children suffer.
where is a good place to store a saw? The answer is toolbox.
what can be the result of too much lunch too often? The answer is obesity.
there is plenty of noise when you're at what celebration featuring food and games? The answer is carnival.
the teacher is answering questions, why? The answer is children will learn.
why would someone be wet after being full of fear? The answer is urinate.
unlike young people, older people can do what? The answer is grow shorter.
why would a person be approached by a lot of people? The answer is popularity.
where would you keep a canoe? The answer is boat house.
what is the main goal of work outside of the home? The answer is earn money.
sex is often referred to being part of what for everyone? The answer is human experience.
if song were to touch your heart it would do it through what? The answer is hearing.
if you aren't in a jewelry store or looking in a jewelry box where might you find a choker? The answer is boutique.
the cancer patient was expecting to die, so he made out his what? The answer is write will.
where is music likely to be playing in a elevator? The answer is at hotel.
what is a place that could have hundreds of sporting goods store? The answer is city.
when hearing music while drinking alcohol, what are people likely to do? The answer is dance.
though a bald eagle is synonymous with the usa, they can be found in what two word province too? The answer is british columbia.
who is likely to be excited about a crab? The answer is fishmongers.
what midwestern area is likely to have a marmot running free? The answer is great plains.
what do professors do to prove their points? The answer is state facts.
john and tim like playing. it makes them what? The answer is feeling happy.
where do you keep instruments when you travel? The answer is case.
where would you put groceries after you have bought them and reached your house? The answer is shelf.
what type of group is a bugle used in? The answer is brass band.
she got an extra blanket to get warm, this would hopefully make her even what? The answer is more comfortable.
where might a television used at night be? The answer is bedroom.
what does ice on skin cause? The answer is feel cold.
a shark is stuck in a lake, where does it need to go provided it isn't a bull shark? The answer is saltwater.
what is the biggest group of people on the east coast where you will find skyscrapers? The answer is new york city.
john thought that it was relaxing to do what? The answer is lie back.
what class activity is unlikely to cause boredom? The answer is watch film.
in what state could the steakhouses offer fresh-caught lobster? The answer is maine.
what is it called when two people in love have children? The answer is procreate.
in what room would you expect to find the sugar? The answer is kitchen.
when do people sit around a table together at work? The answer is meeting.
the plane taxied onto the runway with lots of civilians inside, where was it bound? The answer is city.
what does a child learn to do before school? The answer is dress herself.
where can a television be stored and hidden? The answer is cabinet.
if a person is feeling sick, but has a project to finish, what should they do? The answer is work at home.
the robot shockingly began to read book after book, it had apparently done what? The answer is learn to read.
where might a snake hide? The answer is hollow log.
the children play cards often, but they make their own rules because they can't what the originals? The answer is remember.
what is the end result of hiring a maid? The answer is clean house.
what is something children do at home that is very addictive? The answer is watch television.
what are cats that have found sunlight likely to do? The answer is lie down.
billy hated watchign the turtle move.  he couldn't stand the silly parts.  he was annoyed by all of the what? The answer is stupidity.
where do students keep rubber bands? The answer is classroom.
how does someone begin eating? The answer is chewing.
where could i buy some chocolate? The answer is supermarket.
what is the habitat of the fox? The answer is mountains.
what common chemical reaction is often used as a heat source? The answer is fire.
sarah knew she was committing perjury, so there was a lot of what feeling between her and the prosecutor? The answer is tension.
the man and the woman likened their experience to police brutality.  but, really, they were just unable to do what regarding reality and lies? The answer is distinguish.
sam eat a big dinner.  he eventually stopped having food because he experienced a pleasant sensation.  what did he experience? The answer is feeling of fullness.
the parents concern was met opposingly by what on behalf of the teacher? The answer is indifference.
this country spans the entire breadth of the landmass.  what is it called? The answer is america.
what animal has quills all over it? The answer is hedgehog.
where can you find gamblers who watch four legged animals? The answer is race track.
he admired the neck and bridge, and then decided to play the what? The answer is stringed instrument.
what language type is someone from iran likely to use? The answer is dard.
why is this person getting married? The answer is promise to do.
the man felt that his prospects with very dismal, in spite of help, but at the same time, he was very what? The answer is enthusiastic.
if you see cars with a light blinking on the driver's side what does that indicate they will do? The answer is turn left.
where can you buy a clock, clothing and wrenches? The answer is department store.
some people really love competing, it is usually a safe way to get out a little what? The answer is aggression.
billy likes eating breakfast in bed, but he doesn't do it often.  he likes his clean sheets too much. why doesn't he eat breakfast in bed that often? The answer is spills.
what is someone not bad at their work likely to be? The answer is competent.
why would someone not know where he or she left something after getting drunk? The answer is forgetfulness.
how do you describe a bad real estate agent? The answer is incompetent.
a marmoset can be found many places, but they are usually found where? The answer is in wild.
when people have a lot of things to do, what activity can help them organize? The answer is make lists.
where would a policeman be most likely to stop a car? The answer is roadblock.
where would you not be able to find a radio studio? The answer is clear area.
it was a stunning sight to the explorer, the garden oasis in the middle of the what was the most beautiful thing he had seen? The answer is desert.
the best place for the troublemaker to sneak a smoke while he was in where, was in the bathroom? The answer is school.
sally needed a break from her hard work.  she took a vacation, and decided to do what to a sand castle? The answer is construct.
artie shaw became famous playing a clarinet in what outfit? The answer is jazz band.
john spent hours polishing his tires, because he wanted to take his vehicle where? The answer is car show.
what is a steel cable called a wire rope primarily used for? The answer is ship.
john went to see the massive ball of yarn that was supposedly the largest in the world, but he didn't enjoy it.  in hindsight, he found it to be what? The answer is lame.
animals can be very primal, sometimes to prove themselves they what? The answer is fight each other.
where could you find a monkey nearby if you live in the united states? The answer is friend's house.
where do you go when you're about to board a vehicle on railing? The answer is railway station.
what happens to a dog before someone puts up posters of them? The answer is get lost.
billy owned the finest clothing store in the midwest.  where might billy live? The answer is ohio.
where might a lemur frolic in the market? The answer is india.
what could happen after sitting down for a long period of time? The answer is fall asleep.
where can you store stamps in your home? The answer is drawer.
where is a bicycle likely to be stolen? The answer is street.
if one wants to breathe while they sleep, air needs to be inside of what? The answer is house.
if spend time finding information on operating something, what do you hope to acheive? The answer is being able to use.
if you're going on vacation and you leave your tickets at home what might you experience when you get to the airport? The answer is panic.
a person surrounded by tools and oil cans would probably be found in a what? The answer is garage.
automation does a lot in a factory these days, but the heart and soul is still in the what? The answer is workers.
james went to the best steakhouse outside of the south.  where is james? The answer is michigan.
she wanted to get in shape, but she couldn't stay focused on the hour long what? The answer is work out.
it was my turn to stand watch, so where did i go for my shift? The answer is guard tower.
what is a characteristic of one who want to give assistance? The answer is helpful.
where would glasses be needed by many people? The answer is meeting.
the bald eagle can be a symbol, it elicits feeling of patriotism where? The answer is u.s.
where are seats most likely bleachers? The answer is hockey game.
cuddling in bed after sex is what kind of way to spend time with a loved one? The answer is pleasant.
his studying was going nowhere, he returned the dictionary to under the wobbly leg of the what? The answer is table.
jesse  enjoyed remembering the past because he helped him understand it.  and understanding the past helped him with doing what? The answer is being prepared.
the vet was concerned about all of the blood he saw, where was the blood coming from? The answer is animals.
unlike a spider and his many sight seers, people only have what? The answer is two eyes.
what do you get for not moving your car during the required time? The answer is ticket.
where are horses found in fields? The answer is countryside.
what does a person do before going into tertiary education? The answer is graduate from high school.
simon asked his father to read him a story.  his father couldn't find simon's book, so looked everywhere for it. where might it be? The answer is floor.
where are you when you're about to use your plane ticket? The answer is airport.
where would you go to look for your human ancestors? The answer is gravesite.
the bird was tired, where did it land? The answer is roof.
