it is a church. The church choir sings to the masses. The masses sing joyous songs from the book. The choir sings joyous songs from the book. The masses sing
the choir sings joyous songs.  The church choir sings joyous songs because the masses sing joyous songs.  The masses sing joyous songs because the choir sings
they are singing a song from the book.  The church choir sings songs from the book. The choir sings songs from the book. The choir sings songs from the book.
she is smiling. But it is not neutral to say she is young because she is smiling. The inference is that she is young because she is smiling.  The inference is that she is young because she
she is smiling. Premise is entailment to say the woman is very happy because she is smiling. Premise is entailment to say the woman is very happy because she is smiling. Premise
she is smiling.  The inference engine will try to infer the meaning of the sentence. It will try to infer the meaning of the sentence by looking at the words in the sentence. It will try
he is old. Premise is an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement. It is entailment to say a man poses in front of an ad because he is old. Premise
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the ad.  The inference is that the man is old because he is posing in front of an ad for beer.
he is an old man.  The inference is that the man is an old man because he poses in front of an advertisement.  The inference is that the man is an old man because he poses in front
it is offensive.  The inference is that people are mad because it is offensive.  The inference is that people are mad because it is offensive.  The inference is
it is a statue that no one seems to be looking at.  Premise is a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at. It is entailment to
it is not looking at anyone.  The inference is that the statue is looking at someone.  The inference is that the statue is looking at someone.  The inference is that the statue is
it is being driven across a river.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion
it is being driven across a river. Premise is a land rover is being driven across a river. It is entailment to say a vehicle is crossing a river because it is being driven across a river. Premise is a
it is not a land rover.  The inference is that the sedan is stuck in the middle of the river because it is not a land rover.  The inference is that the sedan is stuck in the
banjo is a string instrument.  The inference is that the man playing electric guitar is playing electric guitar.  The inference is that the man playing banjo is playing banjo.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a man playing guitar on stage because it is entailment to say a man playing guitar on stage because it is entailment to say a man playing guitar on stage because it is entailment to say a man
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's actions.  Premise is a man playing an electric guitar on stage. It is neutral to say a man is performing for cash because it
she is looking at a book.  The doctor is looking at a book because she is looking at a book.  The doctor is looking at a book because she is looking
he is eating pb and j.  The doctor is blond-haired and her assistant is african american.  Premise is a blond-haired doctor and her
she is looking through medical books. But it is not neutral to say she is studying because she is a doctor.  The inference is that she is studying because she is a doctor.  The
he is wearing a hat.  The inference is that the boy wearing a hat is running into the wall.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say a tan girl runs. Premise is one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over
he is watching her. It is neutral to say a man watches his daughter leap because he is watching her. It is neutral to say a man
it is not a statement about the family. It is a statement about the child.  The inference is that the family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet because they are
they are at home.  The inference engine is trained on a large corpus of sentences. It learns to recognize patterns in the sentences. It learns to recognize patterns in the sentences. It learns to recognize patterns in the
they enjoy feeling ocean waves lap at their feet. Premise is entailment to say a family is at the beach because they enjoy feeling ocean waves lap at their feet. Premise is entailment to say a family is
they are walking hand in hand. Premise is a couple is walking hand in hand down a street. It is entailment to say a couple is walking hand in hand down a street. Premise is a couple is walking hand in
they are walking hand in hand. It is also neutral to say the couple is married because they are walking hand in hand with their spouse.  Premise is a couple walk hand in hand down a street. It is neutral to say the
they are walking hand in hand.  Premise is a couple walk hand in hand down a street. It is contradiction to say a couple is sitting on a bench because they are walking hand in hand.  Premise
it is not possible to sit by a busy street bareheaded.  The inference is that the three young men are not sitting by a busy street bareheaded.  The
it is entailment to say three hood wearing people are standing in the middle of a quiet street.  Premise is 3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of
they are hood wearing people.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a man standing in a street. It is entailment to say that man stands in a
he reads the paper.  The inference is a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.  The inference is a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.  The inference is a man
he is reading the paper. It is also neutral to say the man is reading the paper because he is reading the sportspage.  The inference is that the man is reading the sportspage because he is reading the
he is reading the paper in a bar.  The inference is that the man is reading the paper in a bar because he is climbing a mountain.  The inference is that the man is climbing a mountain because he
it is not a statement about the firefighters. It is a statement about the fire.  Now, let's say we want to say that the firefighters are putting out a fire inside of a subway station. We can
it is entailment to say firefighter coming out of subway station. It is entailment to say firefighter coming out of subway station because it is entailment to say firefighter coming up from subway station. It is entailment to say firefighter
fire station is not a place for playing cards.  The inference is that firefighter is playing cards inside subway station.  The inference is that firefighter is playing cards inside subway station.  The inference is that firefighter is playing
a person is near a straw hat. Premise is entailment to say a person is near a straw hat because a person is near a
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the object.  The inference is that the person is selling coconuts. The
it is not a person.  The inference is that the person is wearing a straw hat.  The inference is that the person is burning a straw
he is not male.  The inference is that the guy in yellow is male.  The inference is that the guy in yellow is male.  The inference is that the guy in yellow is
he decided to lay in the grass. Premise is male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass. It is entailment to say the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on
it is not a statement about the guy wearing a blue jacket. It is a statement about the grass.  The same thing applies to the sentence "The guy wearing a blue
he is inexperienced. It is neutral to say a second time roper falls off his horse because he is inexperienced. It is neutral to say a third time roper falls off his horse because he is inexperienced. It
he ropes a horse successfully.  The inference is that the cowboy called off his horse successfully.  The inference is that the cowboy called off his horse successfully. Premise is during calf roping a cowboy calls off his
he is wearing a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants. Premise is entailment to say a boy is wearing a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants.
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the swing set.  Premise is a little boy in a gray and white striped
he is playing on the playground equipment.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the context of
it is not a statement about the archeologist. It is a statement about the site.  Premise is a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked
it is entailment to say a woman wearing a hat squats down to touch the ground. Premise is entailment to say a woman wearing a hat squats down to touch the ground because it
the sun bonnet is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman wearing the sun bonnet is a gardener. The inference is not that the woman wearing the sun bonnet
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the bricks.  The children are building a brick furnace because they are laying bricks on the rug. Premise
they are laying on a rug.  Premise is two children are playing catch at a park.  Premise is two children are laying on a rug.
they are laying on a rug. Premise is two children are laying on a rug because they are laying on a rug. Premise is two children are laying on a rug because they
he is a man.  The inference is that the man standing in front of the building is the same guy who is standing by the two men
it is not a building.  The inference is that the man is standing in front of a building.  The inference is that the two men are pain on the
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man stands in front of a building because it is not a statement about the building. It is
they are dressed as fairies. Premise is entailment to say girls are playing outdoors because they are dressed as fairies. Premise is entailment to say girls are playing outdoors because they are
they are playing outdoors.  The inference is that the girls are playing outdoors.  The inference is that the girls are playing outdoors.  The inference is that the girls are playing
it is not a statement about the girls' age, gender, or race. The inference is that the girls are playing in the leaves outdoors.  Premise is the two young girls
they are afraid of heights. It is also neutral to say some people look physically afraid to jump because they are afraid of heights.  The inference is that some people look visually afraid to jump because they are afraid of
they are jumping over a mountain crevasse on a rope. Premise is people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope. It is entailment to say people are jumping outside because they are jumping over a mountain cre
the slide is not a rope.  The inference is that people slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide.  The inference is that people slide over a mountain crevasse on
it is entailment to say a snowboarder on a snow field. Premise is entailment to say a snowboarder on a snow field because it is entailment to say a snowboarder
it is not a statement about snowboarder. It is a statement about snowboarder's position relative to the field of snow.  Premise is a snowboarder on a wide plain of
it is not a snowboarder. It is neutral to say a snowmobile in a blizzard because it is not a snowboarder. It is neutral to say a snowmobile in a blizzard because it is not
she is tending to the garden.  Premise is an older women tending to a garden. It is contradiction to say the lady is cooking dinner because she is tending to the garden.  Premise is an older women tending to a garden
she is tending to it. But it is not neutral to say she is tending to her garden because she is weeding it. The latter is a statement about her character. The former is a statement about her activity.  The same
she is tending it. Premise is entailment to say the lady is tending it because she is older. Premise is entailment to say the lady is tending it because she is tending it. Premise is entailment to say the lady
he is in a black shirt.  The inference is that the man in the black shirt is not the man who destroys the bike.  The inference is that the man in the black shirt is not the man who destroys the bike
he is a man in a black shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man watches bike repairs because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man watches bike repairs because he is a man in a black
he is a man in a black shirt. It is also neutral to say a man learns bike maintenance because he is a man.  Premise is a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance. It is neutral to say a man
he is looking at a bike in a workshop.  Premise is a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop. It is contradiction to say a man is wearing a red
he is looking at a bike in a workshop.  Premise is a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop. It is entailment to say a man is in
it is neutral. It is not neutral to say a man is deciding which bike to buy because it is not neutral.  The same applies to the sentence "A man is deciding which bike to
he is looking at a bicycle. Premise is a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background. It is entailment
he is looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background. Premise is entailment to say a man repairs bicycles because he is looking over
he is inside the garage.  The inference is that the man is inside the garage because he is waiting outside the garage.  The inference is that the man is inside
some people sit on a bench.  The inference is that the man is
the man looks at the women, but the women look at the man. The inference
they are waiting for someone.  The inference engine is a machine
it is entailment to say a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child.  Premise is a child wearing a
the blond headed child is sitting in a wheelbarrow.  The inference is that the blond headed child is sitting in the wheelbar
it is not a statement about the blond headed child. It is a statement about the child wearing the red top.  Premise is a
she is wearing a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it is not pushing a baby stroller down the street.  Prem
it is not a person.  Now, let's say we have a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed
it is entailment to say a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it.  Premise is a person
it is true. It is also true that the dog is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner because it is neutral.  Now, let's say that the dog is enjoying a game of
cats don't have paws.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth of the premise. It will try to infer the truth of the premise by looking at the context of the
it is a dog.  Premise is a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow. It is entailment to say an animal is outside in the cold weather
it is a neutral statement. It is not neutral to say people at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn because it is a statement about the people at the party.  The same is
it is raining. It is entailment to say people are talking underneath a canopy because it is raining because it is raining. It is entailment to say people are talking underneath a canopy because it is raining because it is
people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.  The inference is that people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.  The inference is that people are screaming at a boxing match because
she is playing a violin.  The inference is that the girl is playing the violin because she is washing the laundry.  The inference is that the girl is washing the laundry because she is playing the violin
she is playing a violin. Premise is entailment to say a girl is playing an instrument because she is playing with a group of people. Premise is entailment to say a girl is playing an instrument because she
it is not a statement about the violinist.  Premise is a girl playing a violin along with a group of people. It is neutral to say a group of people are playing in a sym
it is not a statement about the woman herself. However, if we say a woman is playing a violin, we are making a statement about the woman herself.  The same thing happens with natural language inference. If we say a
she is within an orchestra. Premise is entailment to say a woman is playing the violin because she is within an orchestra. Premise is entailment to say a woman is playing the violin because she is within an orchestra.
it is a telescope.  Premise is a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin. It is contradiction to say a man is looking in a telescope because it is a telescope.  Premise is a woman within
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the camera. The camera is neutral to say three men
the pipe bed is there. Premise is three men look at the camera because the pipe bed is there. Prem
one man is holding a pipe above his head.  The inference is that the man holding the pipe is sleeping on
it is entailment to say a car making a right turn had three males cross behind it.  Premise is a ford car is
it is not a statement about the car. It is a statement about the walkers.  Now let's say we have a sentence that is a
there are three boys. Premise is three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car. It is entailment to say there are three boys because there are three boys. Premise is three
there are only two boys.  The inference is that there are three boys because there are three boys.  The inference is that there are three boys because there are three boys.  The inference is that
they are behind the car. Premise is three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car. It is entailment to say the boys are on the street because they are behind the
they are girls. Premise is entailment to say some people are blowing out candles because they are blowing out candles. Premise is entailment to say some people are blowing out candles because they are blowing out
there are three girls and a cake. Premise is entailment to say there are three girls and a cake because there are three girls and a cake. Premise is entailment to say there are three
there are no peeps in the cake.  Premise is three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps. It is contradiction to say there are peeps in the garden because there
it is not a statement about the people on the roof. It is a statement about the crowd.  The crowd is calling for help for the people on
they are looking up at them. Premise is a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.
it is impossible for three people to climb down the ladder.  The inference is that the crowd is looking up at the 3 people on the edge of the roof of
it is not a gender specific statement. It is also neutral to say a woman is working in a bank because it is not a gender specific statement. It is also neutral to say a woman is working in a restaurant because it is not a gender specific
she is a woman. It is entailment to say she is working because she is working long hours. It is entailment to say she is working because she is working long hours and she is a woman. It is entailment to say she is working because
she is working long hours.  Premise is a woman working long hours. It is contradiction to say a woman is sleeping because she is working long hours.  Premise is a woman working long hours. It is contradiction to say a woman is sleeping
girls don't talk next to toilets. Premise is girls talking next to lockers. Premise is girls talking next to toilets. Premise is girls talking next to lockers. Premise is girls talking next to toilets. Prem
they are girls. Premise is two teenage girls conversing next to lockers. It is entailment to say people talking next to lockers because they are girls. Premise is two teenage girls conversing next to lockers
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the context.  Now, let's say that the girls are talking about their boyfriends. It is not neutral to say girls talking about
it is not clear whether she is a stalker or a victim. The inference is that she is a victim.  The inference is that she is a victim because she is old and female.
they are not sleeping on the train.  The inference is that the old woman is watching the man look down at the balls on the ground.  The inference is that the old woman is watching
it is not a statement about the kids. It is neutral to say two kids are hugging after surviving a horrible car wreck because it is not a statement about the kids. It is neutral to say two
they are both wearing coats. It is entailment to say two kids are hugging because they are both wearing coats and hugging. It is entailment to say two kids are hugging because they are both wearing coats and hugging. It
they are both wearing coats.  The inference is that the kids are running down the highway because they are both wearing coats.  The inference is that the kids are running down the highway because they are both
they were happy to see each other because they were happy to see each other because they were happy to see each other because they were happy to
they are related.  Premise is 2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other. It is entailment to say two kids were
they are related.  The inference is that the two youths are related.  The inference is that the two youths are related.  The inference is that the two youths
it is contradictory to say a large number of people wearing white and red walking down the street.  The inference is that the people wearing white and red are walking down the street
it is not specific to any particular group. However, if we say a large number of men wearing red and white are walking down the street, it is specific to a
they are wearing only white and red are walking on a street. Premise is a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street. It is entailment to
he is interested in motorcycles.  Now, we can say that the man is test driving a motorcycle because he is interested in motorcycles. But we can also say that the man is test
he is near junk cars. Premise is entailment to say a man is near junk cars because he is riding a motorcycle. Premise is entailment to say a man is riding a motorcycle because he is near junk cars. Prem
he is riding a motorcycle.  The inference engine is a rule base that is trained on a corpus of sentences. The corpus is a collection of sentences that are labeled as true or false. The training corpus
they are women.  The inference is that women perform together in gorgeous costumes because they are women.  The inference is that women perform together in gorgeous costumes because they are women.
they are dogs. Premise is dogs sniff the air because they are dogs. Premise is dogs sniff the air because they are dogs. Premise is dogs sniff the air because they are dogs. Premise is dogs
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the ritual itself.  Now, if you want to say that women are performing a ritual together, you can say
he spits water out after surfacing.  Premise is a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to
he is grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land.  Premise is a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while
he was not able to grab the hand of someone helping him back to land.  Premise is a professional swimmer spits water
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact. It is a statement of
he is wearing a wetsuit. Premise is entailment to say a person is wearing a wetsuit because he is walking out of water. Premise is entailment to say a person
he is walking out of the water.  The inference is that the man is walking out of the water.  The inference is that the man is walking out of the water.  The
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the extended family hike together on their family reunion.  The inference is that the extended family hike together on their family reunion.  The inference is that
it is a contradiction to say the five girls are talking about their lives.  The inference is that the five girls are talking about their lives.  The inference is that the five girls are talking about their
there are people inside. It is entailment to say there are people inside because there are people outside. It is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people inside. It is entailment to say there are people inside
it is not a statement about the person who painted the portrait. It is a statement about the person who painted the portrait.  The inference is that the person who painted the
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the painting.  The inference is that the person is painting a portrait of a woman because the person is painting
monkeys are not women.  The inference is that the person with the purple shirt is painting a woman on a white wall.  The inference is that the person with the purple
there is a mural of a woman's face. Premise is entailment to say there is a woman painting because there is a mural of a woman's face. Premise is entailment to say there is a woman painting
it is not a statement about the woman's identity. It is a statement about the woman's activity.  The inference is that the woman is painting a mural of a woman's face because she is a woman.
there is a woman painting a mural of a woman's face.  Premise is a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face. It is contradiction to say there is a man tying his shoes because there
it is contradictory to say a couple is eating inside at a table.  The inference is that the couple is eating outside at a table.  Premise is
he is pointing at something. The inference is that the man is pointing at a purse snatcher.  The inference is that the man is pointing at a purse snatcher because he is pointing
he is pointing at something. Premise is a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something. It is entailment to say people are eating at a table outside because he is
the women were walking downtown because they were going to the mall because they were going to the movies because they were going to the grocery store because they were going to the bank because they were
they were walking down a sidewalk in a downtown area.  Premise is two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area. It is contradiction to say the women were picking
they were walking down a sidewalk. Premise is two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area. It is entailment to say the women were walking downtown because they were walking down a
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the building.  Now, let's
they are talking to each other outside of it.  Now, let's say that the building has a sign
the sign says hi-pointe.  The inference is that the people are standing outside of the hotel lobby.  The
it is not a statement about the flight attendant. It is a statement about the passengers.  The flight attendant is standing in front of passengers.  The flight attendant is standing in front of passengers.
it is not a statement about the flight attendant. It is a statement about the demonstration.  The inference is that the flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff.  The inference is that the flight attendant
she is wearing a yellow dress.  The inference is that the flight attendant is wearing a yellow dress.  The inference is that the flight attendant is wearing a yellow dress.  The inference is that the
girls walk down the street. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a
girls walk down the street.  Premise is the girls walk down the street. It is contradiction to say girls set down in the street because girls walk down the street. Conclusion is girls set down in the street because girls walk down the street
they were going to the park. It is not neutral to say girls were going to the park because they were going to the park because they were going to the park.  The second premise is that girls were going to the park because they were
a man standing on a motorbike is not a man.  The inference is that the man standing on the motorbike is a man.  The inference is that the man standing on the motorbike is
he is wearing a red uniform and helmet.  Now, we can say that the inference is natural because it is a logical inference. Premise is a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike.
he is wearing a red uniform and helmet.  Premise is a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike. It is entailment to say a man standing on his motorbike
the man is a man of the cloth.  Premise is a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead. It is entailment to say the man puts
they are not at the park.  Premise is a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead. It is contradiction to say the women are at the park because they are not
they are at church. The inference is that the substance is black.  The inference is that the substance is black because the man is at church.  The inference is that the substance is black because the
they are watching. Premise is a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches. It is entailment to say two people are outside because they are watching. Premise is a person rolls down a hill riding
it is not a person.  Premise is a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches. It is contradiction to say a person stares at an empty hill because it is not a person.
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the wagon rolling down a hill. The child is a subject of the sentence. The wagon is a predicate of the sentence. The child
it is not a statement about the boy or the house. It is neutral to say a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation
she is not holding onto it. Premise is a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation. It is contradiction to say a girl is leaning against the wall because she is not
he is holding onto it. Premise is a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation. It is entailment to say a boy is against the wall of
he was born there. It is also neutral to say bruce springsteen is a singer because he sings. It is also neutral to say bruce springsteen
he is singing in the spotlight. Premise is bruce springsteen is a singer because he is singing in the spotlight. Premise is bruce springsteen is
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion based on the premises. The conclusion is that bruce springsteen is gay. The conclusion is not a fact. It is
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the river.  The inference is that the river is six dogs. The inference is not that the river is six dogs swimming across the river.  The inference is that
six dogs are swimming in a river. Premise is six dogs swimming in a river. It is entailment to say six dogs are outdoors because six dogs are swimming in a river. Premise is six dogs swimming in a river. It is entailment
the puppies are swimming.  The inference is that the puppies are swimming.  The inference is that the puppies are swimming.  The inference is that the puppies are swimming.  The inference is that the puppies are swimming.
they are not arrested.  Premise is a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the man and woman taking selfies.  The inference is that the man
a woman walks by them.  Premise is a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them. It is entail
they are together. Premise is a group of people dancing together. It is entailment to say people are together because they are dancing. Premise is a group of people dancing together. It is entailment to say people are dancing because they are together.
it is a dance. But it is not neutral to say they are doing the tango because they are doing the tango. The first sentence is a fact, the second sentence is a conclusion.  Premise is a group of people dancing
everyone is dancing.  Premise is a group of people dancing together. It is contradiction to say no one is dancing because everyone is dancing. Conclusion is that everyone is dancing.  Conclusion is that everyone is dancing. Conclusion is that everyone is dancing
they wear blue uniforms. Premise is men wear blue uniforms. It is entailment to say men wear blue uniforms because they sit on the bus. Premise is men wear blue uniforms. It is entailment to say men wear blue uniforms
it is not specific to any particular bus. It is specific to say men sit on the bus going to work because it is specific to the bus.  The inference is that men wear blue uniforms and sit on the bus going
men are not blue.  Premise is men wear blue uniforms sit on a bus. It is contradiction to say men drive the bus into the ocean because men are not blue.  Premise is men wear blue uniforms sit
it is entailment to say two men climbing on a wooden scaffold. It is entailment to say two men climbing on a wooden scaffold because it is entailment to say two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.
women cannot climb on a wooden scaffold.  The inference is that the two men are men.  The inference is that the two women are women.  The inference is that the two men are men.
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the scaffold.  Premise is two men climbing on a wooden scaffold. It is neutral to say two sad men climbing on a wooden scaff
the bird is flapping its wings on the water.  The inference is that the bird is flying over the water.  The inference is that the bird is flying over the water.  The inference is that
it is not a bird. It is a duck. It is a bird. It is a duck. It is a bird. It is a duck. It is a bird. It is a duck. It is a bird
he is wearing a red shirt and jeans. Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field
he was playing with a toy plane.  Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt and
he is wearing a red shirt and jeans.  The inference engine will take the premise and infer that the young boy is playing video games indoors.
they are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground. It is not neutral to say they are going fishing because they are standing on a pier with a table
it is entailment to say a table is on a pier. It is entailment to say a pair of glasses is on a pier because it is entailment
they are standing on a pier.  The inference is that they are in a boat because they are standing on a pier.  The inference is that they are in a boat
they are hunched over. Premise is a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over. It is entailment to say a person wears a red shirt because they are hunched over. Premise
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the person's posture.  Now, let's say we have a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over. We can infer that the
the person is wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the person is wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the person is wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the
the child is on the library steps.  The child is on the library steps because the child is on the school steps.  The child is on the school steps because the child is on the library steps.  The child
it is on the steps. Premise is this child is on the steps. It is entailment to say the child is on the steps because it is on the steps. Premise is this child is on the steps. It is entail
it is not a statement about the child's location. It is a statement about the library steps.  The child is on the library steps is a statement about the library steps. It is a statement about the library steps because
the man is playing basketball.  The inference is that the man is about to dunk the ball.  The inference is that the man is about to dunk the ball.  The inference is that the man is
he is tattooed. Premise is entailment to say the person is tattooed because he is a basketball player. Premise is entailment to say the person is a basketball player because he is tattooed. Premise
it is not a fact. It is a belief. The inference is that the player has a tattoo that says mother.  The inference is that the player has a tattoo that says mother because it is not a
he is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.  Premise is a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection. It is entailment to
he is smiling.  The inference is that the boy is smiling because he doesn't want to see his reflection.  The inference is that the boy is smiling because he doesn
he is looking at his reflection.  The inference is that the boy is smiling because he is looking away from his reflection.  The inference is that the boy is smiling because he is looking away from
the man is wearing a gray cap. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a gray cap because the man is wearing a gray
the man is wearing a gray cap. The inference is that the man is wearing a gray cap.  The inference is that the man is wearing
he is wearing a gray ball cap. It is also neutral to say the woman is cold because she is wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.
it is not necessary to specify the color of the jacket. However, it is necessary to specify the color of the hat.
she is an old woman. Premise is an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing
she has a jacket.  The inference engine is a computer program that can read the sentence and determine the truth of the sentence. The inference engine
they are laughing and talking. Premise is entailment to say the couple is having fun because they are newlyweds. Premise is entailment to say the couple is having fun because they are talking about having fun. Premise
they are laughing and talking amongst themselves. Premise is entailment to say the couple just got married because they are laughing and talking amongst themselves. Premise is entailment to say the couple just got married because they are laughing and talking
they are laughing and talking.  Premise is a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves. It is contradiction to say the couple is divorced because they are laughing and talking.  Premise is a newlywed couple laughing and talking
he is wearing a tie. The inference is that he is wearing a tie because he is going to work.  The inference
he is going to work. Premise is a man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city. It is entailment
he is a black man. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing work attire and is walking to his job because he
it is neutral to say several young people sitting in front of a statue.  The inference is that the young people are sitting outside.  The inference is that the young people are sitting outside.  The inference is that the
it is a contradiction to say several young people are sitting in front of a statue.  The inference is that the young people are sitting in front of the statue.  The inference is that the young people are
it is neutral. It is not neutral to say several young people sitting in front of a statue because it is not neutral.  Now, let's say that we have a sentence that says "several young people sitting
it is true. It is also true that the childs mom is watching her son with her friends because it is true. The childs mom is watching her son with her
they are looking down the child. Premise is a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath. It is entailment to say people are in the house because they
he is not sleeping.  Premise is a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath. It is contradiction to say the child is sleeping because he is not sleeping.
she is on stage. Premise is entailment to say she is singing because she is goofy looking. Premise is entailment to say she is goofy looking because she is singing. Premise is entailment to say she is goofy looking because
she is singing on stage.  The inference is that the woman is singing on stage.  The inference is that the woman is reciting poetry on the stage.  The inference is that the woman is singing
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the stage. The stage is neutral. The blonde woman is neutral. The stage is not. The blonde woman is not. The blonde woman is not
she is wearing a brown jacket.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a brown jacket because she is eating pasta in a restaurant.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a brown jacket because she
she is wearing a jacket.  The inference is that the lady is looking for her dog because she is wearing a jacket.  The inference is that the lady is looking for her dog because she
she is wearing a brown jacket. Premise is entailment to say the girl is wearing a brown jacket because she is walking outside. Premise is entailment to say the girl is wearing a brown jacket because she is walking outside
they are on vacation. It is entailment to say a family on vacation is posing because they are posing. It is entailment to say a family on vacation is posing because they are posing.
they are in front of the mountains. It is entailment to say people are outdoors because they are in front of the mountains because they are people. It is entailment to say people are outdoors because they are
they are in front of the mountains.  The inference is that the family is in their car because they are in front of the mountains.  The inference is that the family is in their
they are near water. It is entailment to say the boat is heading their direction because they are standing. It is entailment to say the boat is heading their direction because they are near water. It is entailment to say
it is not a conclusion. It is a premise.  The inference is people are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction because it is a conclusion.  The
they are standing near water with a boat heading their direction.  The inference is that people are waiting in line at the restaurant.  The inference is that people are standing near water with a boat heading their
it is not a natural language inference.  The natural language inference is that the four adults eat food on a tile floor.  The natural language inference is that the four adults eat food on a tile floor.
pool table is not a tile floor.  The inference is that the four adults are playing pool in a bar.  The inference is that the two couples are playing pool in a bar.  The inference is that
they sit on a tile floor.  The inference is that a group of people eat food because they sit on a tile floor.  The inference is that a group of people eat food because they sit on a tile floor
cats don't lay on the couch.  The inference engine is trained on the data set. It learns the rules of inference. It learns the rules of inference by training on the data set.  The inference engine is trained
it is standing near snow and looking at water. Premise is entailment to say animal is outdoors because it is standing near snow and looking at water. Premise is entailment to say animal is outdoors because it is standing near snow and looking at
it is standing near water. It is also neutral to say the dog is thinking about going to for a swim because it is standing near snow.  The inference is that the dog is thinking about going to for a
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The inference is that the older man is leaning against a pedestal outside of an ornate building. The inference is that the older
he is not old. The inference is that the man is old.  The inference is that the man is old because he leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building.  The inference
he is an older man. Premise is entailment to say an older man leans outside a building because he is an older man. Premise is entailment to say an older man leans outside a
the person is sitting at a baseball game.  The inference is that the person is sitting at the baseball game.  The inference is that the person is sitting at the baseball game.  The inference is
someone is standing near a metro station.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence based on the context of the sentence.  The inference engine is a computer program that can
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the location.  Now, we can use the same technique to infer the meaning of the sentence.  The person is waiting for a train.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the cotton candy.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Premise
it is not necessary to specify the girl in a blue dress is a girl in a blue dress.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning
she is wearing blue shoes. Premise is entailment to say the girl is eating cotton candy because she is wearing blue shoes. Premise is entailment to say the girl is eating cotton candy
he is wearing a white uniform.  The inference is that the man is black.  The inference is that the man is white.  The inference is that the man is
he is black. Premise is entailment to say the man is playing because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say the man is playing because he is a black man
he is at the game.  The inference is that the man is at the game because he is at home sleeping.  The inference is that the man is at the game
the man is not making a sandwich.  Premise is a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the
they are watching someone play basketball. Premise is entailment to say a basketball player is dunking the ball in the net because they are dunking the ball in the
it is not a statement about the player. It is a statement about the crowd.  The inference is that the player is dunking
they are protesting against a military parade.  Premise is a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd
he is angry. The inference is that he is angry because he is a veteran.  The inference is that he is angry because he
he is eating a hot dog. The inference is that the man is watching the contest because he is eating a hot dog
she is wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag. Premise is entailment to say a woman on a bike because she is wearing bike shorts and a skirt
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the bike.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "A woman wearing bike shorts and a
she is wearing a skirt and carrying a shoulder bag.  The inference is that the woman is riding a bike.  The inference is that the woman is wearing bike shorts and a skirt.
it is entailment to say a skateboard. It is entailment to say a trick because it is entailment to say a trick. It is entailment to say a rail because it is entailment to say a
a man painting a tree is not a contradiction.  The inference is that the skateboarding youth is a man painting a tree.  The inference is that the skateboarding youth is a man painting a tree.  The
it is not a statement about the boy. It is neutral to say a young boy showing his new skateboard tricks to his friends because it is not a statement about the boy. It is neutral to
it is not a statement about his gender.  The inference is that he is crouching on the handrail because he is crouching on
his hat is covering his head.  The inference is that the bald head is exposed because the hat is covering it.  The inference is that the
he is wearing jeans and a hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing jeans and a hat because he is crou
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the snow angel.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a girl
she is wearing a red coat.  The inference is that the girl in the red coat is the girl in the black coat.  The inference is that the girl
she is wearing a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans. Premise is girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel. It is entailment to
they are watching the event. Premise is a group of people gathered at night watching an event. It is contradiction to say the group of friends are asleep because they are watching the event. Premise is a group of people gathered
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the group.  Premise is a group of people gathered at night watching an event. It is neutral to say a group of humans
it is not a statement about the people in the group. It is a statement about the event.  Now, let's say we want to say that the group of people are watching the music concert
he is being tackled.  Premise: The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the player in white.  E entailment: The football player
the player in white is under pressure from the american footballer in yellow.  Premise is the american footballer in
he is a basketball player.  The inference is that the basketball player shoots a three pointer because he is a basketball player.  The inference is that the basketball player shoots a
it is a neutral statement. The inference is that the person is enjoying a baseball game.  The inference is based on the context. The context is that the person is outdoors
they are not dancing and singing.  Premise is a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd. It is contradiction to say
they have blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on. Premise is entailment to say a person is standing outdoors because they have blue hair, a baseball cap, and
she is holding a beverage.  The inference is that the girl is in the bathtub.  The inference is that the girl is not in the bathtub.  The inference is that the girl is in the
it is not a fact. It is a fact that she is holding a beverage. So, we can infer that she is drinking an alcoholic beverage.  Now, let's look at the same example with a machine learning algorithm
she points at the painting. Premise is entailment to say the girl has a beverage because she points at the painting. Premise is entailment to say the girl has a beverage because she points at the painting. Premise is
it is not a statement about the man in the black shirt, in a commercial kitchen,
it is contradictory to say a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat
it is entailment to say a man in a shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat
it is contradictory to say a person in red is swimming in the olympics.  The inference is that the person in red is mowing the grass with a
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the mower.  The inference is that the person is mowing the grass with a
it is entailment to say a person is cutting the grass on a riding mower. Premise is a person in a red shirt is cutting the grass
it is entailment to say a group of people wear black shirts.  Premise is group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle. It is entailment to say
purple is not a color of black shirts.  The inference is that the driver was wearing a black shirt.  The inference is that the driver was wearing a purple shirt.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the group of people wearing black shirts. It is a statement about the group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.  The inference is that the group
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the activity they are engaged in.  The same is true for the sentence "Two men are preparing a fish at a dock." It is
they are preparing it. Premise is two men prepare a fish at a dock. It is entailment to say two men are cleaning their fish because they are preparing it. Premise is two men prepare a fish at a dock.
they are not sitting in a dock.  The inference is that the two men are sitting in a canoe.  The inference is that the two men are sitting in a canoe.  The inference is
she is wearing makeup. It is also neutral to say the woman is a model because she is wearing makeup and is sitting on a tote.  The inference is that the
she is looking in a mirror. Premise is entailment to say the woman has something on her face because she is looking in a mirror. Premise is entail
she is looking in a mirror.  The inference is that the woman is blind because she is looking in a mirror.  The inference is that the woman is blind because she
he is wearing an alaska sweatshirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing an alaska sweatshirt because he is wearing a tank top.  The inference is that the man is wearing an
it is not necessary to know anything about him. The man is standing behind a counter. The man is standing behind a counter. The man is standing behind a counter. The man is standing behind a counter. The man
the man is wearing an alaska sweatshirt. Premise is a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter. It is entailment to say the person behind the counter is a man because
people are walking in a busy city at night.  The inference is that people are eating lunch in a restaurant because people are walking in a busy city at night.  The inference is that people are eating
they are walking in a city. Premise is a large group of people walking in a busy city at night. It is entailment to say people are walking a city because they are walking in a city. Premise
it is raining.  The inference is that people are inside the park because it is raining.  The inference is that people are inside the park because it is raining.  The inference is that people are
she is wearing glasses and sitting in a room with other people. Premise is a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about the room.  Now, let's say we want to say that she is on her phone
he is wearing a red shirt and white pants.  Premise is a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people. It is
it is not a statement about the outcome of the game. It is a statement about the fact that they are competing.  Premise is a softball player throws the ball to her teammate. It is neutral to
they are throwing the ball to each other. Premise is a softball player throws the ball to her teammate. It is entailment to say two people are playing softball because they are throwing the ball to each other.
they are sitting on a bench.  Premise is a softball player throws the ball to her teammate. It is contradiction to say two softball players are sitting on a bench because they are sitting on a
he is racing. Premise is entailment to say a person is riding a bike because he is racing. Premise is entailment to say a person is riding a bike because he is racing. Premise is entailment to say a person is riding
he lost the race. It is also neutral to say the biker wins the race because he won the race. But it is not neutral to say the biker won the race because he lost the race.  The inference is that the biker lost
the car is red. The inference is that the car is yellow because the car is red.  The inference is that the car is yellow because the car is red.  The inference is that the car is yellow because the car is red.  The
one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat.  Premise is two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat
they are smiling and laughing.  The inference is that the little boy in the bouncy seat is crying because he is standing.  The inference is that the little boy in the
it is not necessary to say that they are twins.  Premise is two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat
they caught many fish. But it is not neutral to say the men caught many fish because they caught many fish. The first sentence is neutral because it is not about the fishermen. The second sentence is not neutral because it
they did not go to work today.  The inference is that the men did not go to work today because they did not go to work today.  The inference is that
they are reeling in their nets. The inference is that the men are finishing their day of work because they are reeling in their nets.  The inference is that the men are finishing their day of
they are plants. It is also neutral to say the plants are ferns because they are young adults.  Premise is these are young adults who seem to be working together to
they are wearing masks. It is entailment to say they are working together because they are wearing masks. It is entailment to say they are protecting the plants because they are wearing masks. It
they are protecting the plants.  The inference is that the young adults are protecting the plants.  The inference is that the young adults are protecting the plants.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the game itself. It
some girls are playing basketball.  The inference is that some girls are playing basketball.
it is a game between two college football players.  Now, let's say we have
it is not a statement about the game. It is a statement about the player.  Now let's say the quarterback throws
the pitcher is trying to stop the batter from hitting the ball.  The inference is that the pitcher is trying
the ball is being thrown.  Premise is two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.
it is not a statement about the man himself. The statement is about the man playing billiards.  The inference is that the man is playing billiards with friends because he is playing billiards. The inference is
he is at a bar. It is entailment to say a man is at a bar because he is playing billiards. It is entailment to say a man is playing billiards because he is at a bar
he is playing billiards.  The inference is that the man is playing billiards.  The inference is that the man is playing billiards.  The inference is that the man is playing billi
they are both golden. But it is not neutral to say the dogs are friends because they are both dogs. The dogs are friends because they are both golden.  The inference is that the dogs are friends because they
they are not dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are dogs because they are dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are dogs because
it is playing ball with another dog outside. Premise is entailment to say the golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside because it is playing ball with another dog outside. Prem
it is a fact. The inference is that they are going up because they are looking outside of the glass.  The inference is that they are
they are not looking outside of the glass.  The inference is that people are taking the elevator because they are not looking outside of the glass.  The inference
they are looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.  Premise is people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her activity.  Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.  Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her
she is weaving with a comb. Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand. It is entailment to say a woman is doing something with her hands because she is weaving with a comb.
she is weaving. Conclusion is she is weaving with comb.  Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand. It is contradiction to say a woman is sitting with empty hands because she is weaving.
it is true. It is also true that a boy rides a horse by two cows because it is true. Therefore, it is true that a boy rides a horse by two cows.  This is a natural language
it is entailment to say a boy is riding down the road between two cows. It is entailment to say a boy is riding down the road between two cows because it is entailment to say a boy is
it is a cow. It is also contradiction to say a boy is riding down the road between two cows.  Premise is a boy is riding down the road between two cows. It is contradiction to say a single cow is
it is neutral to say children enjoying a birthday party.  Premise is a birthday party for many little people to enjoy. It is neutral to say children enjoying a birthday party because it is neutral to say children enjoying a birthday party.
they are running down the street.  Premise is a birthday party for many little people to enjoy. It is contradiction to say children are running down the street because they are running down the street.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about any particular child. It is a statement about the birthday party.  The next step is to find out what kind of birthday party it is. We can do this by looking at the context. The context
there are more females than males. Premise is there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men. It is entailment to say there are more females than males because there are more females than
bagpipes are played by men.  The inference is that the performers are playing bagpipes.  The inference is that the performers are playing bagpipes.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the performers. It is a statement about the stage.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The stage is blue." This is a statement
some men are standing in a boat.  Premise is two men are standing in a boat. It is contradiction to say some men are standing on top of a car because some men are standing in a boat.
it is not a fact. It is a fact that two men are standing in a boat. It is a fact that a few men are fishing on a boat. It is a fact that a few men are standing in a boat.
some people are standing in a boat. Premise is two men are standing in a boat. It is entailment to say some people are in a boat because some people are standing in a boat. Premise is two men are standing in
she is young woman. Premise is young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit. It is entailment to say
there is a dryer.  Premise is young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit. It is contradiction to
the child is riding a swing in the rain.  The inference engine is the brain of the computer. It is the part that understands the language. It is the part that understands the language that is
the sun breaks through the trees. Premise is the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing. It is entailment to say a child rides a swing in the daytime because the sun breaks
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the swing. The swing is a girl because it is a statement about the child. The child is a girl because it is a statement about
they are busy doing their own thing.  The inference is that people are busy doing their own thing because they are milling about the city street.  The inference is that people
they are busy doing their own thing.  The inference is that people are watching what is happening because they are busy doing their own thing.  The inference is that people are watching what is
they are busy doing their own thing.  Premise is everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing. It is entailment to say people are conducting business
he is smiling. Premise is a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick. It is entailment to say the man
it is not necessary to specify the exact location. The man is in the kitchen of a restaurant because he is wearing a chef's hat. The man is wearing a
he is smiling.  The inference is that the man is washing his car because he is smiling.  The inference is that the man is washing his car because he is
she is wearing tennis clothes. Premise is entailment to say a woman plays tennis because she is running to hit a ball with her tennis racket. Premise is entailment to say a woman plays tennis because she
it is not a statement about her gender. However, it is a statement about her gender if she is a woman.  The inference is that serina williams plays tennis because she is a
he is a man.  The inference is that pete sampras plays tennis because he is a man.  The inference is that pete sampras plays tennis because he is a
they are hitting a ball with their arms.  Premise is several women are playing volleyball. It is entailment to say they women are hitting a ball with their arms because they are hitting a ball with their arms.
it is volleyball. Premise is several women are playing volleyball. It is entailment to say this doesn't look like soccer because it is volleyball. Premise is several women are playing volleyball. It is entailment to say this doesn't look like
it is entailment to say a bunch of women are playing volleyball. Premise is several women are playing volleyball. It is entailment to say a bunch of women are playing volleyball because it is entailment to say a bunch of women are playing
the referee is watching.  Premise is two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turqu
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the teams.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The ladies play
it is a contradiction to say ten boys play cricket.  The inference is that the women's volleyball team is playing against the boys' cricket team.
it is not a statement about the mother or her son. It is a statement about the other people riding bikes.
it is contradictory to say a group of people are changing a tire.  The natural language inference is that the group of people
it is entailment to say a group of people wear bike helmets together down a street. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the individuals.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the people riding bicycles are friends. We can do this by using
they are all wearing helmets.  The inference is that the group of friends are going to ride their bikes in the street.  The inference is that
they are wearing helmets.  Premise is people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets. It is entailment to say a group of bicyclists are
it is entailment to say a store in the middle east.  Premise is a middle eastern marketplace. It is entailment to say a middle easten store because it is entailment to say a store in the middle east.  Premise
it is not a marketplace.  The conclusion is that the conclusion is false.  The conclusion is that the conclusion is false.  The conclusion is that the conclusion is false.  The conclusion is that the conclusion is false.  The conclusion
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the store is foreign because it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the store is foreign because it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the store is foreign because
she is wearing a black shirt. Premise is entailment to say a woman sees a bicycle because she is wearing a black shirt. Premise is entailment to say a woman sees a bicycle because she is wearing a black shirt
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the bicycle.  Now, suppose we want to say that the woman is looking at a bicycle because she is interested in bicycles. We can
a woman in a black shirt looks at a bicycle.  The inference is that the woman in the black shirt is the woman sleeping on the couch.  The inference is that the woman in the green shirt is
they are playing drums.  The inference is that the men are musicians because they are playing drums.  The inference is that the men are musicians because they are playing drums.
they are playing drums.  The inference is that the men are playing drums while they are asleep.  The inference is that the men are playing drums while they are
one of them drinks something out of a bottle.  Premise is four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle. It
baseball games are taking place in the background.  The inference is that the boys are playing soccer.  The inference is that the boys are playing baseball
it is not specific to soccer.  Premise is young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background.
it is entailment to say young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball. Premise is young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer
he is riding it. It is also neutral to say the man is touching his nose because he is testing the bike. It is also neutral to say the man is
he is touching his nose.  The inference is that the man is riding a bike.  The inference is that the man is touching his nose.
he is touching his nose. Premise is entailment to say the man is riding a bike because he is touching his nose. Premise is entailment to
they are looking down the mountain range. Premise is a guy and a girl look down a mountain range. It is entailment to say the people look at the mountains because they are looking down the mountain range. Premise
they are going to climb the mountains. It is also neutral to say the couple is going to climb the mountains because they are going to climb the mountains. The first sentence is a statement of fact, the second sentence is
they are looking down the mountain range.  The inference is that the people look down the mountain range because they are looking down the mountain range.  The inference is that the people look down the mountain range because they are
he is talking on the phone.  The inference engine is able to infer the man is pacing nervously because he is talking on the phone
he is sitting in the green chair.  The inference is that the man can hear the construction going on because he is
he is sitting in the green chair. It is entailment to say a man is working on the laptop because he is sitting
she is not hitting the ball. So we can infer that the boy is hitting the ball.  Now, we can infer that the boy is hitting the ball because he is hitting the ball. But we can't infer that the
he hits the ball well. It is also neutral to say the boy is bad at tennis because he hits the ball poorly.  Now, suppose we have a sentence that says the boy is good at tennis. We can infer that
he is hitting a ball. Premise is a boy hits a tennis ball on a court. It is entailment to say a boy is hitting a ball because he is hitting a ball. Premise is a boy hits a tennis
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. Premise is a golden retriever nurses puppies. Premise is a statement of fact. Premise is a golden retriever nurses puppies. Premise is a statement of
they nurse. Premise is entailment to say puppies nurse puppies because they nurse puppies. Premise is entailment to say puppies nurse puppies because they nurse puppies. Premise is entailment to say puppies nurse puppies because they nurse puppies. Premise
a cat is not a golden retriever.  The inference is that a golden retriever nurses puppies.  The inference is that a golden retriever nurses puppies.  The inference is that a golden retriever nurses puppies.  The inference
he is at his grandmothers house. Premise is at his grandmothers house because he is at his grandmothers house. Premise is at his grandmothers house
it is not necessary to specify that the young man is standing in front of a frozen lake.  Premise is a young man in a heavy brown winter coat
he stands in front of a railing. Premise is entailment to say the man spreads his arms while standing in front of a railing because he
it is not a statement about the man's race. But it is a statement about the man's race if it is true that he was wearing a jacket in winter.  The inference
cotton shirt is not green.  The inference is that the black man was looking at the pink comb.  The inference is that the black man was looking at
it is entailment to say a man was wearing a jacket. Premise is entailment to say a man was wearing a jacket while holding a comb because it is entailment
he is pleading for mercy. It is also neutral to say the man pleads for mercy because he is pleading for mercy.  The man in the brown jacket is pleading for mercy.  The man in the brown
he is wearing a brown jacket. Premise is entailment to say the man is upright because he is wearing a brown jacket. Premise is entailment to say the man is upright because he is wearing a brown jacket. Prem
he is not sitting crosslegged.  The inference engine is able to infer the man is standing because he is not sitting crosslegged.  The inference engine is able to infer the man is standing because he
it is not a statement about the man wearing the vest. It is a statement about the street.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man wearing the red vest
he is walking past a fence. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a vest because he is walking past a fence. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a vest
he is walking past the fence.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction in the sentence. It will try to find a contradiction in the sentence. It will try to find
they are looking for seashells. It is entailment to say the girls are happy because they are having a great time looking for seashells. It is entailment to say the girls are happy because they are having
they are seashells.  The inference is that the girls are seashells.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  The girls are seashells.
they are looking for seashells. It is entailment to say they are outside because they are having a great time looking for seashells. It is entailment to say they are outside because they are having a great
it is entailment to say a man is playing an instrument on the street near other people.  Premise is a
it is not true or false. It is true or false that the man is playing the saxophone in the street
she is sitting on the curb next to the street by the man playing the saxophone.  The inference is that the woman is sitting on the curb next
they are standing and talking. Premise is entailment to say two people are talking because they are standing and talking. Premise is entailment to say two people are talking because they are standing and talking. Prem
they are all seated.  Premise is a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle. It is contradiction to say three people are having a meeting because they are all seated.
they are talking. The inference is that they are discussing their relationship because they are talking.  Premise is a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle. It is neutral to
he is wearing a red robe.  The inference is that the boy is running through the corn field because he is wearing
it is not clear whether the boy is holding the kettle or the salsa.  The inference is
he is holding a kettle.  Premise is a young boy with close-cropped hair
people are crossing the street.  The inference is that people are crossing the street.  The inference is that people are crossing the street.  The inference is that people are crossing the street.
they are crossing the street. It is entailment to say people crossing the street because they are crossing the street. It is entailment to say people crossing the street because they are crossing the street. It
it is not a statement about the people or the baby. It is a statement about the crossing of the street.  Now, let's say we want to say
one of them is holding a cup and saucer.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is two woman wearing dresses are standing outside
it is not a statement about the dress. It is a statement about the picnic.  The inference is that the woman holding the cup and saucer
they are not wearing dresses.  The inference is that the women are having a conversation at the office.  The inference is that the women are having
she is taking a picture of a flower. It is also neutral to say the woman is a professional photographer because she is taking a picture of a flower. The inference is that she is a professional photographer because
the woman is leaning over the fence. The inference is that the woman is leaning over the fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.  The inference is that the woman is leaning over the fence to take
she is leaning over a fence. Premise is entailment to say a woman is leaning over a fence because she is taking pictures. Premise is entailment to say a woman is taking pictures because she
it is entailment to say they are smiling and making faces. Premise is entailment to say they are smiling and making faces because it is entailment to say they are posing on a beach.
it is not a statement about the children's personalities. It is a statement about the weather.  The inference is that the children are happy because they are posing on a beach during summer vacation.
he is a man and a stew is stirred by a woman.  The inference is that the man stirs the stew.  The inference is that the man stirs the stew.
some men are watching tv at a bar. Premise is entailment to say some men are watching tv at a bar because some men are watching tv at a bar. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the bar. The bar is neutral to say there are men drinking beer at a sports bar because it is not a statement about the men
they are watching a baseball game.  The inference is that the men are watching a baseball game because they are men.  The inference is that the men are watching a baseball game because they are watching a
they are lime green jackets.  The inference is that the men are lime green jackets.  The inference is that the men are lime green jackets.
it does not imply gender.  The inference is that the workers are men because the construction cones are placed by men. The inference is
she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is chastising the other because she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is chastising the
she is a woman in a black outfit lying face first on a yoga mat.  The inference is that the
there are paintings on the wall and the sun shines through a window. Premise is entailment to say there
the woman is lying face down on the yoga mat.  The inference is that the woman
they are wearing yellow sports uniforms. It is not neutral to say the children are students of martial arts because they are wearing yellow sports uniforms.  The inference is that the children are martial arts students because they are wearing yellow sports uniforms.
sand is not a tower.  The inference is that children climb a tower.  The inference is that children climb a tower.  The inference is that children climb a tower.  The inference is that children climb a tower
children in yellow sports uniforms climb a tower.  Premise is children in yellow sports uniforms climb a tower. It is entailment to say children in uniforms climb a tower because children in yellow sports uniforms climb a tower.
they are running on a beach. It is not neutral to say they are in hawaii because they are running on a beach in hawaii.  The second premise is that dogs are running on a beach. It is neutral to say they
there are two dogs. So, we can infer that there are more dogs than one.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "There are two dogs at the beach." This sentence is ambiguous.
dogs are running. Premise is some dogs are running on a deserted beach. It is entailment to say there are multiple dogs present because dogs are running. Premise is some dogs are running on a deserted beach. It is entailment
it is true. It is also true that there are alot of pedestrians on this road. It is also true that there are alot of motorcyclists on this road. It is also true that there are alot of pedestrians on
there are many pedestrians on the city street. Premise is a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians. It is entailment to say there are many pedestrians on the city street because there are many pedestrians on the city street.
it is not a statement about the parade. It is a statement about the pedestrians.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like this:  The pedestrians are waiting for the parade to
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the color of the blouse and the color of the hat.  Premise is a woman wearing a bright orange bl
she is wearing a bright orange blouse.  The inference is that the woman is ironing red pants.  The inference is that the woman is ironing red pants.  The inference is that the woman
she is wearing a bright orange blouse. Premise is a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving. Premise is entailment to say a woman is weaving because she is wearing a bright orange blouse. Premise is
they are in a rowboat.  The inference is that the group of people are in the rowboat watching the hockey game.  The inference is that the
it is not a group of people.  The inference is that the group of people are in a rowboat.  The inference is that the group
it is not clear whether they are rowing towards the islands or fishing.  The inference is that they are fishing because they are rowing
it is not specific to any one person. It is also neutral to say a woman is protesting in the street because it is not specific to any one person. It is also neutral to say a woman is protesting in the
she is kneeling in the street.  Premise is a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street. It is entailment to say a woman is on the ground outside because she is kneeling in the
a woman is kneeling in the street.  The inference is that the woman is kneeling in the street because she is riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the woman is riding a bicycle because she is kneeling in
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Premise is a man holding a baby who is petting a pony. It is neutral to say a man who kidnap a baby is
the man is holding a baby. Premise is entailment to say a man holding a baby is petting a pony because the man is holding a baby. Premise is entailment to say a
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the man. However, if we want to say that the man is petting his daughter, we need to specify the gender of the man.  In
I am sitting on the side of a road. Premise is men sitting on the side of a brick road. It is entailment to say me are sitting on the side of a road because I am sitting on
men are sitting on it.  The inference is that men are sitting on the side of the road.  The inference is that men are sitting on the side of the road.  The inference is that men are
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the side of the road.  Now, if we say men are talking on the side of the road, we are making a statement about the
it is jumping into the water. Premise is a dog is jumping into the water. Premise is a dog is jumping into the water. Premise is a dog is jumping into the water. Premise
it is neutral to say a black dog wearing a blue collar is jumping into the water.  Now, let's say that the black dog is chasing a blue collar into the water
it is jumping into the water.  The inference is that the dog is jumping into the water.  The inference is that the dog is jumping into the water.  The inference is that the dog is
she is biting on a toy. Premise is a girl because she is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy. Premise is a girl because she is standing on
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about the environment.  Premise is a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing
everyone is standing.  The inference is that everyone is standing because everyone is standing.  The inference is that everyone is standing because everyone is standing.  The inference is
they are playing in the water. It is also neutral to say the children are at camp because they are playing in the water. The inference is that the children are at camp because they are playing in the water.  Premise is many children play
it is a fact. It is not neutral to say some kids splash in the water and interact with each other because it is a fact.  The first sentence is a fact. The second sentence is a fact. The
they are playing in the water.  Premise is many children play in the water. It is contradiction to say the children are playing mini golf because they are playing in the water.  Premise is many children play in the water.
they are splashing in deep water.  The inference is that the kids are splashing in deep water because they are singing in a choir.  The inference is that the kids are singing in
they are splashing in deep water.  Now, let's say that the kids are splashing in deep water because they are playing in deep water.  Now, let's say that the
they are splashing in deep water. It is not neutral to say they are wearing lifejackets because they are splashing in deep water near a rock formation.  The inference is that the kids are
she is wearing a red headband.  The inference is that the climber is a man.  The inference is that the climber is a woman
he wears a red headband. Premise is a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage. It is
it is not a statement about the climber. It is a statement about the rocks and foliage.  Now, let's say we want to
he is climbing a cliff. Premise is entailment to say a man is outdoors because he is climbing a cliff. Premise is entailment to say a man is outdoors because he is climbing a cliff.
it is not specific to a man. It is specific to a man because it is a man climbing a rock cliff.  The inference is that the man is climbing a rock cliff. The inference is
he is climbing a rock cliff.  The inference is that the man is climbing the rock cliff.  The inference is that the man is swimming in the ocean because he is climbing a rock
it is a bald woman. Premise is two formally dressed women. It is entailment to say two formally dressed women because it is a formally dressed woman. Premise is two formally dressed women. It is entailment to say two formally dressed women because
it is not gender specific. It is not gender specific because it is not a gender specific statement. It is not a gender specific statement because it is not a gender specific statement. It is not a gender specific statement because it is not a gender specific
it is a contradiction to say two bald older women.  Premise is two formally dressed, bald older women. It is contradiction to say two long-haired young women because it is a contradiction to say two bald older women.
he pushes it. Premise is entailment to say a man pushes a shopping cart because he is homeless. Premise is entailment to say a man is homeless because he pushes a shopping cart. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the act of collecting cans.  The homeless man is collecting cans to recycle.  The homeless man is collecting cans to recycle.
he is rich.  The inference is that the homeless man is rich.  The inference is that the homeless man is rich because he pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart.  The inference is that
he is a shoemaker. Premise is entailment to say the shoemaker is inside because he is an old shoemaker. Premise is entailment to say the shoemaker is inside because he is an old shoemaker. Premise is
he is already old.  Premise is an old shoemaker in his factory. It is contradiction to say the shoemaker is getting ready for his 16th birthday because he is already old.  Premise
he owns a factory. But it is not neutral to say the shoemaker is wealthy because he owns a factory. The first sentence is neutral, but the second sentence is not.  The second sentence is not neutral because it is a conclusion.
she is a woman. It is entailment to say a woman speaks to other women because she is blond. It is entailment to say a woman speaks to other women because she is
blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper.  The inference is a natural language
he is a man. The blond woman says, "I'm not a man." The students say, "You're a woman." The blond woman says, "I'm not a woman
they are handing out papers.  Premise: The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.  Empirical Evidence: The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the children.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the woman is giving homework to the children. We can do
she is handing it to children.  The inference is that woman is handing the paper to children.  The inference is that woman is keeping the paper to herself because she is handing it to children.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the frisbee. The girl is jumping to catch the frisbee. The girl is jumping to catch the frisbee. The girl is jumping to catch
she is jumping up. So we can conclude that girl is jumping up.  Now we can say that girl is sitting on the grass because she is jumping up.  Now we can say that girl is sitting on the grass because she is
she jumped up. Premise is girl in red jumping up. It is entailment to say the girl in red is in the air because she jumped up. Premise is girl in red jumping up. It is entailment to say the
there are numbers on their shirts. Premise is 3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running. It is entailment to say there are ladies running because there are numbers on their shirts. Premise is 3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running.
they are running.  The inference is that the ladies are riding bikes.  The inference is that the ladies are riding bikes.  The inference is that the ladies are riding bikes.  The inference is that the ladies are
they are running. It is not neutral to say they are running a marathon because they are ladies.  Premise is 3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running. It is neutral to say the ladies are in a marathon because they are
he is walking on a pipe over water.  The inference is that the boy is walking on a pipe over water.  The inference is that the boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen
he is walking on a pipe. Premise is entailment to say a boy is walking on a pipe because he is walking outside. Premise is entailment to say a boy is walking on a pipe because he is walking
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of possibility.  Premise is a boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water. It is neutral to say a boy is in danger of
the boy is balancing. Premise is a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river. It is contradiction to say nobody is balancing because the boy is balancing. Premise is a young boy in green shorts balances
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the person balancing. Premise is a statement about the boy. Premise is a statement about the boy balancing. Premise is a statement about the boy
he is young and green shorts. Premise is entailment to say a person balancing because he is young and green shorts is entailment to say a person balancing because he is young and green shorts is entailment to say a
he is young and black.  Premise is a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park
she is not a boy.  The inference is that the girl is riding a bike at the park.  The inference is that the girl is
he is going skateboarding today. It is also neutral to say a guy is going skateboarding today because he is young and black.  Premise is a young man waring
he is sleeping.  Premise is young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow. It is contradiction to say a young boy is playing soccer because
it is not a statement about the boy's gender.  Premise is young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow. It is
it is entailment to say a pillow is colorful.  Premise is young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow. It is
he is posing at someone.  Premise is a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper. It is contradiction to
it is not a statement about him.  The inference is that he is reading the newspaper because he is reading the newspaper.  The inference is that he is reading the newspaper because
he is posing at someone.  Now, let's say we want to infer that he is a jewish man. We can use the following algorithm:  1. Find a picture
of the ocean and the orange bike.  The inference engine is a set of rules that can be used to infer the truth of a sentence. The inference
there is nobody jumping.  The inference is that the man is jumping.  The inference is that the man is jumping because there is nobody jumping.
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the man is jumping because he is tall. The inference is not that the man is tall because
they are playing in water. It is neutral to say the children are muddy because they are playing in mud. It is neutral to say the children are muddy because they are playing in water and mud. It is neutral to say the children are muddy because they
they are playing in water.  Premise is four children are playing in some water. It is entailment to say the children are wet because they are playing in water.  Premise is four children are playing in some water. It
they are playing in water.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth of the premise. It will try to infer the truth of the premise by looking at the context of the sentence. It will try to infer the truth of the premise
it is entailment to say there are four girls. Premise is four girls are in the water. It is entailment to say there are four girls because it is entailment to say there are four girls. Premise is four girls
there are four girls and one boy.  The inference is that there are four girls and one boy.  The inference is that there are four girls and one boy.  The inference is that there are four girls and
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the water.  The inference is that the girls are swimming because they are playing in the water.  The inference is that the girls are playing in the water because they are
he is trying to throw something.  The inference is that the man is walking away because he is trying to throw something.  The inference is that the man is walking away because he is trying to throw something
he is trying to throw something.  Premise is the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something. It is entailment to say the man is in a black shirt because he
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the son.  The man is throwing something to his son.  The man is throwing something to his son.
it is not a statement about the boy or the adults. It is neutral to say
he is juggling three red balls while blindfolded.  The inference is that the boy is juggling
the boy is sitting down. The inference is that the boy is the one operating the video camera.  The inference is
it is neutral to say a group of people play in the ocean. It is not neutral to say a group of boys play in the ocean.  The same applies to the word "play". It is neutral to say a
they are boys.  Premise is boys with their backs against an incoming wave. It is entailment to say a group of people stand together because they are boys.  Premise is boys with their backs against an incoming
they are sitting on the beach. It is neutral to say a group of people are sitting on the beach because they are boys. It is neutral to say a group of people are sitting on the beach because they are boys because they
it is entailment to say some boys are about to be hit by a wave.  Premise is four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave. It is entailment to say a wave is
it is not possible for the wave to miss the boys.  Premise is four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave. It is contradiction to say the wave missed the boys because it is not possible for the
it is entailment to say the wave is about to crash on some boys. It is entailment to say the wave is about to crash on some boys because it is entailment to say the wave
it is not a statement about the mother. It is a statement about the child.  Premise is a woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.
she is standing behind her. Premise is a woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment. It is entailment to say a woman is helping a girl because she is standing behind
she is helping another lady.  The inference is that the lady is sleeping on a couch because she is helping another lady.  The inference is that the lady
it is a nurse-work.  Premise is a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work
it is not related to nurse-work.  The inference is that the lady is a nurse. The inference is that the lady is helping the other
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the man wearing the blue jacket is the one who is fighting. The
she is going to work. It is contradiction to say a woman puts on makeup because she is going to a party. It is contradiction to say a woman puts on makeup because she is going to a
he wears a red jacket.  Premise is one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket. It is entailment to say one guy kicks another because
it is not a statement about the parents. It is a statement about the concert.  Now, let's say we have a sentence
the flutes are not fighting to the death.  The inference is that the flutes are fighting to the death.
people are leaving.  The inference is that people leave because the concert is charging per note.  The inference is
it is true. But it is not true to say players are wearing helmet because it is false. So we need to add a premise that players are wearing helmet because they are hockey players.  Now we have a new premise that players are wearing helmet because they
they are playing hockey.  The inference is that the players are taking rest because they are playing hockey.  The inference is that the players are taking rest because they are playing hockey.  The inference is that the players are taking rest because they
they are wearing helmet. But it is not neutral to say they are playing hockey because they are wearing helmet.  The inference is that they are playing hockey because they are wearing helmet.  The inference is that they are playing hockey because they are wearing helmet
he is kneeling on floor.  Premise is man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing
he is wearing blue.  Premise is man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor
it is not a statement about the man wearing the blue shirt. It is a statement about the man wearing the blue shirt.
it is not specific to a particular race. It is specific to a particular race when it says mountain biker competes in the mountain bike race.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:
man riding motorcycle on highway is contradiction.  Premise is biker riding through the forest. It is contradiction to say man riding motorcycle on highway because man riding motorcycle on highway is contradiction.  Premise is biker riding through the forest.
it is not specific to any one person. It is also neutral to say mountain biker enjoying the local trails because it is specific to a person.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is neutral to say mountain biker
it is not necessary to specify that they are recording a cooking tutorial. However, it is necessary to specify that they are recording a cooking
he is standing in front of a camera. Premise is standing in front of a camera because he is standing in front of
they are not at the pool.  The inference is that the young man in the blue t-shirt is the young man in the
they are eating steak. It is also neutral to say the dogs are sleeping because they are sleeping.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The couple are eating steak." This sentence is ambiguous
they are dogs.  The inference is natural because it is a logical inference. Premise is true because it is a logical inference. Premise is true because it is a logical inference. Premise is true because
there is no couple enjoying a meal.  The inference is that there is a couple enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.  The inference is that there is a couple enjoying
of overhunting.  The inference is that the duck is a rare breed.  The inference is that the duck is a rare breed.  The inference is
there is one duck in this picture. Premise is entailment to say there is one duck because there is one animal in this picture. Premise is entailment to say there is one duck because there is one animal in
it is expanding its wings.  The inference is that the duck sleeps soundly, floating on top of the water.  The inference is that the duck sleeps soundly, floating on top of
it is a contradiction to say a woman is wearing jeans.  Premise is a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street. It is contradiction to say an elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a
they are wearing jeans. Premise is a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street. It is entailment to say a person is outside because they are wearing jeans. Premise is a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street. It
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the bus stop.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not a statement about the woman but about the bus stop. It is
they are waiting for something. But it is not neutral to say a group of people wait because they are waiting for a bus.  The inference is that the group of people
he is standing near the square.  The inference is that the person lies on the couch.  The inference is that the person lies on the couch.
it is a group of people standing. But it is not neutral to say a group of people stand on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it. It
it is a statement of fact. It is not a statement of value. It is not a statement of opinion.
it is entailment to say a group of well dressed people walk down a block with one
they are not men in suits with briefcases.  The inference is that the crowd is watching
he is going to kick the soccer ball. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise
it is not a fact. It is a belief. The boy is ten years old is a belief. The boy is ten years old is a belief. The boy is ten years old is a belief. The boy is ten years
he is not at home. The inference is that the boy is at home.  The inference is that the boy is at home.  The inference is that the boy is at home.  The inference is that
they are married. Premise is entailment to say the man and woman are married because they are sitting. Premise is entailment to say the man and woman are sitting because they are married. Premise is entailment to say
they are sitting.  The inference is that the man and woman are sitting because they are standing.  The inference is that the man and woman are standing because they are sitting.  The inference is that the man and woman
they are sitting on the sidewalk. Premise is a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk. Premise is a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk. Premise is a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk. Premise is a man
she is heading towards the building.  The inference is that the woman has an important
it is not a building.  The sentence is ambiguous because it is ambiguous. It
there are people outside of a building.  The inference is that there are people outside of
the woman in black jacket is watching the woman talking to the little boy.  The inference is that the woman in black jacket is the
the person in the black jacket is watching the woman talking to the child.  Premise is a woman in a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the woman watching the woman speak to her young son.
pizza is a food.  The inference is that man and woman are eating pizza.  The inference is that man and woman are eating pizza.  The inference is that man and woman are eating pizza.  The
it is not a statement about the baseball game. It is a statement about the hotdog.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man and woman are eating a hotdog at a
they are eating it together. It is entailment to say they are sharing a hotdog because they are eating it together. It is entailment to say they are sharing a hotdog because they are eating it together. It
it is not a statement about the employee. The employee is wearing a blue shirt. The employee is wearing a blue shirt. The employee is wearing a blue shirt. The employee
the sign is indoors.  The same goes for the employee. Premise is an employee standing at the computer. Premise is entailment to say the employee is indoors because the
he is standing at the computer.  The natural language inference is that the employee is swimming in the ocean because he is standing at the computer.  The natural language
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the roof.  The inference is that the man is a carpenter because he is hammering the final sh
he is working on a roof. Premise is a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built. It is entailment to say a workman is helping put a
he is not a carpenter.  Premise is a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built. It is contradiction to say a boy is jumping up and down because he is not
there are people in rafts. It is entailment to say there are people in rafts because there are people in boats. It is entailment to say there are people in boats
he is wearing a life jacket.  The inference is that the man is wearing a life jacket.  The inference is that the man is wearing a life jacket.  The
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the boat. The boat is yellow. The boat is a yellow boat. The boat is yellow. The boat is
they were washing their hands. It is entailment to say the boys had unclean hands because they were wearing athletic jerseys. It is entailment to say the boys had unclean hands because they were wearing
they were wearing soccer jerseys. It is also neutral to say they were playing basketball because they were wearing basketball jerseys.  Now, let's say we have a third boy who is wearing a baseball jersey. It is
they are wearing athletic jerseys.  The inference is that the boys are wearing athletic jerseys.  The inference is that the boys are wearing athletic jerseys.  The inference is that the boys are
they are boys. It is not neutral to say the boys just won their soccer game because they are soccer players.  The boys are boys because they are
they are boys. Premise is two boys wash their hands because they are boys. Premise is two boys wash their hands because they are boys. Premise is
they are not in band uniforms.  The inference is that the boys are in soccer uniforms because they are washing their hands in an adult bathroom.  The
he is naked. Premise is a man rides a bike. It is entailment to say a naked man rides a bike. Premise is a man rides a bike. It is entailment to say a naked man rides a bike. Premise is a
a man in a suit is not a naked man.  The inference is that a man in a suit is not a naked man.  The inference is that a man in a suit is not a naked man.
it is not specific to a person. It is specific to a person when you say a red haired man on a bike on a busy street.  Now, let's say you have a database of people
they are begging for money.  Premise is two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign
they are illiterate.  The inference is that the dog wrote the sign for them.  The inference is
they are wearing lab coats.  Premise is two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign. It
it is a dog. It is not neutral to say the dog is a chihuahua because it is a chihuahua.  The inference is
dogs are pets. It is entailment to say people with a sign because signs are used to advertise. It is entailment to say people with a sign because signs are used to
it is entailment to say two homeless men lean against a wall.  The inference is natural because it is natural to infer that two homeless men lean against a
they are homeless.  The inference is that the homeless men own homes.  The inference is that the homeless men own homes because they are homeless.  The inference is that the homeless
it is not a statement about the men or the dog. It is a statement about the location.  The inference is that the men are friends and the dog is
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the action she is performing.  The inference is that the woman is doing gymnastics. The inference is not that
she is doing gymnastics.  The inference is that the woman is doing gymnastics.  The inference is that the woman is doing gymnastics.  The inference is that the woman is doing
she is doing gymnastics. Premise is a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam. It is entailment to say a woman is using gymnastics equipment because she is doing gymnastics.
it is entailment to say six people act together to get another injured man on a transport device in snowy terrain. Premise is six
they are rescuers.  The inference is that rescuers act to save a seventh who is injured because they are rescuers.  The inference is that
they are not prepared to eat him.  The inference is that the rescuers are prepared to eat the injured man.  The inference is that the resc
they are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast. It is also true that the three women are best friends because they are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.  Premise is
the forest is behind them.  The inference is that the three women are looking out at the coast.  The inference is that the three women are looking out at the coast.  The
they are sitting on a green bench. Premise is three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast. It is entailment to say the women are outdoors because they are sitting on a green bench.
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's state of mind.  Premise is a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat.
football pads are worn by football players.  The inference is that the man in the black tank top is wearing football pads.  The inference is that the man in the black tank top is wearing football pads.
it is entailment to say a man wearing a hat. Premise is entailment to say a man wearing a red plaid hat because it is entailment to say a man wearing a black tank top. Prem
she is blond. Premise is entailment to say she is standing because she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say she is standing because she is blond. Premise is entailment to say she is standing
it is not a statement about her hair. It is a statement about her position.  Now, let's say we want to say that the woman is standing behind the counter. We can say
the woman is standing behind a counter.  The inference is that the woman is standing behind the counter.  The inference is that the woman is standing behind the counter.  The inference is that
they are playing with legos. Premise is the boys are playing with legos. It is entailment to say boys are playing with legos because they are playing with legos. Premise is the boys are playing with legos. It is
it is not a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the environment. The boys are playing with legos is a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the boys playing with legos. It is a statement about the boys playing
they are playing legos.  The inference is that boys are playing chess because they are playing legos.  The inference is that boys are playing chess because they are playing legos.  The inference is that boys are playing chess because
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the father and his daughter.  The inference is that the man is the father of the child.
they are not purchasing ice cream.  The inference is that the couple is eating ice cream.  The inference is that the couple is eating ice cream. Premise is
people are buying food from a street vendor. Premise is a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart. It is
it is not clear whether they are sailors or not. The inference is that sailors are in the sailboat.  The inference is that sailors are in the sailboat.
some people put something in a boat in a place with more than one boat.  Premise is three men are carrying a red bag
it is not a boat.  The inference is that the boat is a boat.  The inference is that the boat is not a winnebago.
the man is holding a torch.  The inference is that the man is holding a torch.  The inference is that the man is holding a torch.  The inference is that the man is holding a torch.  The inference is
there is a torch of fire. Premise is man holding torch of fire. It is entailment to say there is a torch of fire because there is a man. Premise is man holding torch of fire. It is entailment to say there is a
it is burning or small because it is not burning. It is not neutral to say the fire is large because it is burning.  Premise is man holding torch of fire. It is neutral to say the fire is large because it is burning or small because
they are pulling in the boat. It is also neutral to say the villagers are pulling in the boat because they are preparing to go fishing.  The first sentence is a statement of fact. The second sentence is a statement of fact. The
they are pulling in the fish boat.  The inference is that the villagers are pulling in the fish boat.  The inference is that the villagers are pulling in the fish boat.  The inference is that the villagers are pulling
there are fish. It is entailment to say there are fish because there are boats. It is entailment to say there are boats because there are people pulling them. It is entailment to say there are people pulling boats because there are people
it is a neutral statement.  The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits because it is a neutral statement.
the crowd of people are shopping at a street market.  The inference is that the crowd of people are shopping at a street market.  The inference is that
they are in an urban area. Premise is a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background. It is entailment
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion. The inference is that the child is screaming because she was almost hit by the taxi cab.
the child is screaming. Premise is a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming. It is entailment to say a child is inside a car because the child is
she is not sticking her head out of the taxi cab.  The inference is that the child is at home resting.  The inference is that the child is at home resting. Premise
they are playing soccer.  Premise is five children playing soccer chase after a ball. It is contradiction to say they are playing football because they are playing soccer.  Premise is five children playing soccer chase after a ball. It is
they are chasing after a ball. Premise is five children are playing soccer because they are chasing after a ball. Premise is five children are playing soccer because they are chasing after a ball. Premise is five children are playing soccer because they
there are five playing soccer and five playing tag.  Premise is five children playing soccer chase after a ball. It is contradiction to say there are ten total children playing because there are five playing soccer and five playing tag.
it is not necessary to say she is a woman. It is necessary to say she is standing with her child because it is necessary to say she is standing with her child.
it is a dog. Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding
she is wearing a red blouse. Premise is a woman in red blouse is standing with a child because she is wearing a red blouse. Premise is a
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a
he wears a black and red bathing suit.  Premise is a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the
the boy swims shirtless and the seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich.  The inference is that the boy
it is not a statement about the people in the picture. It is a statement about the people in the picture. So, we can say that the picture is neutral.  Now, we
it is not a statement about the people in the picture. It is a statement about the beer in the picture.  Now, let's say we want to say that some people are holding beers in the
it is not a christmas party. It is neutral to say people were celebrating at a christmas party because it is not a christmas party. It is neutral to say people were celebrating at a christ
there are people on it. Premise is a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives. It is entailment to say the street is alive with activity because there are people on it. Premise
there are people there.  The inference is that the street is busy because there are people there.  The inference is that the street is busy because there are people there.  The inference is that the
it is neutral. It is not saying that the morning rush hour is bad or good. It is simply stating a fact.  Now let's say you are walking down the street and you see
it is not a statement about her gender.  Premise is a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play. It is neutral
she is crouching in the infield.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from the context. In this case, the inference engine can
she is a softball player. Premise is entailment to say she is crouching because she is a female softball player. Premise is entailment to say she is crou
they are crossing by each other. Premise is two people crossing by each other while kite surfing. It is entailment to say the people are outdoors because they are crossing by each other. Premise is two people crossing by each
it is not known whether they are male or female.  The inference is that the people are both males because the inference is that the people are crossing by each other while kite surfing.  The inference is that the people
there is no kite surfing.  The inference is that there is no kite surfing.  The inference is that there is no kite surfing.  The inference is that there is no kite surfing.
they are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. The inference is that the people are unique because they are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.  The inference is that the people are unique because they are sitting around a tale
they are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. It is neutral to say the people are creative because they are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. It is neutral to say the people are creative because they are sitting around a tale
the people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.  The inference is that the people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects because they are bickering about politics.  The inference is that
it is a natural language inference.  The woman in black is being fired via text message because it is a natural language inference.  The woman in black is being fired via text message because
she reviews a message. Premise is a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work. It is entailment to say the woman in black has a job because she reviews a message. Premise
she is not in black. Premise is a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work. It is contradiction to say the woman in black is not walking to work because she is not in
he is pitching a curve ball.  The inference is that the pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium because he is pitching a curve ball.  The
he is pitching a curve ball. Premise is entailment to say a pitcher is playing baseball because he is pitching a curve ball. Premise is entailment to say a
he is juggling baseballs.  The inference is that the man is juggling baseballs.  The inference is that the man is juggling baseball
it is not clear whether the man is a soldier or not. However, if we say a few people walk with a man in uniform, it is clear that the man is a soldier.  Inference is a process of reasoning
the barber cuts a man's hair.  The inference is that the soldier cuts the barber's hair.  The inference is that the soldier cuts the barber's hair.  The inference is that the soldier cuts
they are walking. Premise is a family strolling with a soldier. It is entailment to say a group of people strolling because they are walking. Premise is a family strolling with a soldier. It is entailment to say
they are violinists. It is entailment to say violinists play violin on stage because they are violinists. It is entailment to say violinists play violin on stage because they are violinists
the harmonica is not a musical instrument.  The inference is that the violinists are playing the harmonica.  The inference is that violinists are playing the harmon
it is not a statement about the mother or daughter. It is a statement about the bridge.  Now, let's say the mother and daughter are walking home from school. It is not a statement about the mother
they are walking along the side of a bridge.  The inference is that the mother and daughter are walking along the side of the bridge because they are eating spaghetti in a kitchen.  The inference
they are on the side of a bridge. Premise is a mother and daughter are walking because they are on the side of a bridge. Premise is a mother and daughter are walking because they are on the side of
he is falling off of his bicycle. It is also neutral to say the boy is falling off of his bicycle because he is falling off of his bicycle. The inference is that the boy is falling off of his bicycle because he is falling off
he is afraid to ride it.  Premise is boy in midair on bicycle. It is contradiction to say the boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit
it is entailment to say a boy is airborne. Premise is boy is airborne on bicycle. It is entailment to say a boy is airborne on bicycle because it is entailment to say a boy is airborne. Premise is boy
they are running. Premise is three dogs running through a field. It is entailment to say three dogs are running because they are running. Premise is three dogs running through a field. It is entailment to say three dogs are running because they
they are running. It is also contradiction to say they are running because they are eating. So, we can infer that they are eating because they are running.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The dogs are eating because
it is not necessary to specify the time. But it is necessary to say three dogs are running in the evening because it is necessary to specify the time.  The inference is that the dogs are running in the evening. The inference is that
they are wearing life vests and hard hats.  Premise is three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water. It
it is drowning. It is neutral to say three lifeguards are hanging from the boat, trying to save the dog from drowning
the shark is trying to eat them.  The inference is that the shark is trying to eat the fisherman.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the
he is wearing a blue shirt.  Premise is a man wearing a short-slee
snowmen are made of snow.
he is looking through a telescope lens.  Premise is a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens. It is neutral to say the man is watching the stars because he is looking through a telescope
the man is wearing a plaid shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a plaid shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a plaid shirt.  The inference
he is wearing a plaid shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a plaid shirt because he is looking through a telescope. Premise is entailment to say a man is looking
there are no children in the streets.  The inference is that there are children in the streets because there are runners in the streets.  The inference is that there are runners
there are people on the street. It is entailment to say there is a competition because there is a competition. It is entailment to say there is a female runner because there
there are spectators lining the street.  The inference is that the runner is running in a competition.  The inference is that the streets are empty because there are spectators lining the street.
he is painting a picture. Premise is entailment to say a painter is creating a picture because he is painting a picture. Premise is entailment to say a painter is creating a picture because he is painting a picture
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the painting.  Now, if you say a man is recreating the mona lisa outside in
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man does a flip off a wall because he is young. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the young man. It is a statement about the wall.  Now, let's say
it is contradictory to say a young man in a blue hoodie does a flip off a half-wall that
they are near the leaves. It is entailment to say they are running because they are near each other. It is entailment to say they are running because they are near the leaves because they are dogs. It is entailment to say they are
they are running together.  The inference is that the dogs are running together.  The inference is that the dogs are sleeping on the pile of leaves.  The inference is that the dogs are sleeping on the
it is not a conclusion. It is a conclusion to say the two dogs are running to play in the leaves because it is a conclusion.  The inference is that the dogs are running to play in the leaves. The
he has no shirt on.  Premise is a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton. It is entailment to say a man is doing things with a baton because
he is performing with a baton.  The inference is that the man with no shirt on is performing with a baton.  The inference is that the man with no shirt on is performing with
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the baton.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man is trying his
they are cheering for their team. Premise is entailment to say people cheering for their team because they are wearing orange. Premise is entailment to say people cheering for their team because they are wearing orange are cheering for their team
they are wearing pink is a crowd cheering for their team.  Premise is a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium. It is contradiction to say a group of drag queens walking down the
they are wearing orange. Premise is entailment to say fans cheering on their team at the big game because they are wearing orange. Premise is entailment to say fans cheering on their team at the
they warm up before a competition. Premise is female gymnasts warm up before a competition. It is entailment to say gymnasts get ready for a competition because they warm up before a competition. Premise is female gymnasts
they are preparing for a competition.  Premise is female gymnasts warm up before a competition. It is contradiction to say football players practice because they are preparing for a competition. Conclusion is football players practice because they are preparing for a competition.
it is not gender specific.  Premise is female gymnasts warm up before a competition. It is neutral to say gymnasts get ready for the biggest competition of their life because it is not gender specific.
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the woman.  The same is true for the sentence "The man is cooking dinner
he is wearing oven mitts. Premise is dark-haired man wearing oven mitts about to cook meat. It is entailment to say a man is cooking
he is cooking meat.  The inference is that the man is cooking meat because he is wearing a watch and oven mitt.  The inference is that the man is wearing
it is entailment to say a person is atop of a building. Premise is entailment to say a person is atop of a building because it is entailment to say a person is atop of a building. Prem
the worker is near a building. The worker is near a building because the unemployed person is near a building. The unemployed person is near a building because the worker is near a building. The worker is near a building because the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the building.  Premise is a worker peers out from atop a building under construction. It is neutral to say a man is atop of a building
it is entailment to say a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a box. Premise is entailment to say a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
the child is fighting it.  Premise is a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present. It is contradiction to
it is a fact. The child opens a present on his birthday. Premise is a young child pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present. It is
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the sand castle. Premise is a statement about the boy. Premise is a statement about the sand castle. Premise
he is jumping into it. Premise is entailment to say a child is playing in the sand because he is jumping into it. Premise is entailment to say a child is playing in the sand because he
he is jumping into sand.  The inference is that the child is jumping into sand.  The inference is that the child is jumping into sand.  The inference is that the child is jumping
it is not about gender. It is neutral to say two boys reading a book about spiderman because it is not about race. It is neutral to say two boys reading a book about spiderman because it is not about religion. It is neutral
they are reading superhero books.  Premise is two boys reading superhero books. It is contradiction to say two boys watching a superhero show because they are reading superhero books.  Premise is two boys reading superhero books. It is contradiction to say
they are reading superhero books. Premise is entailment to say two boys reading superhero books because they are reading literature. Premise is entailment to say two boys reading superhero books because they are reading literature. Premise is entailment to say
the man is not driving a limosine. Premise is a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street. It is contradiction to say the man is driving a
he is wearing a suit. It is entailment to say the man is wearing a suit because he is driving a buggy. It is entailment to say the man is wearing a suit because he is
it is not a statement about the man's religion. The man is wearing a suit because it is a neutral statement about his profession. The man is driving a horse-drawn buggy because it is a
he is cutting something. Premise is entailment to say a little male has clothes on with a pair of scissors in his hands because he is
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt
he is not a blond little boy.  Premise is a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something. It is contradiction to say a
he is dressed in winter clothing.  The inference is that the man is dressed in summer
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the person awaiting the man leaping.
he is cold. Premise is entailment to say the man in white and black
she is talking to a woman dressed in black.  The inference is that the woman balancing a basket on her head is
the woman in black is wearing black.  The inference is that the woman in black is the woman in blue apron's
it is not a statement about blond woman. It is a statement about tourist.  Now, we can say that blond woman is tourist because blond woman is overlooking seattle space needle scene. It is a statement about blond woman overlooking se
blond woman is blond woman.  The inference is that blond woman is blond woman because she is overlooking the space needle scene.  The inference is that blond woman is blond woman because she is overlooking the space needle scene.
he is not blond.  The inference is that blond woman is enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge because she is blond.  The inference is that blond woman is enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge
he is old. The inference is that the man is old.  The inference is that the man is old because he is old.  The inference is that the man is old because he is old.  The inference is that the man
he is looking at a sculpture. But it is not neutral to say the man is looking at a sculpture because he is an old man. The first sentence is neutral, the second sentence is not.  The same thing happens with the
he is looking over the sculpture. Premise is entailment to say the man is looking over the sculpture because he is old. Premise is entailment to say the man is looking over the sculpture because he is old. Premise is entailment
it is clad in blue.  The inference is natural because it is a logical inference. Premise is soccer team clad in blue plays
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. The blue soccer team is playing its first game of the
it is not a soccer team.  The inference is that the soccer team is the team that is clad in blue.
they are not at home.  Premise is two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other. It is contradiction to say two children are sleeping at daycare because they are not at home.
it is not necessary to specify that they are sitting down.  Now, let's say that the kids are sitting down facing each other. It is not necessary to specify that they are sitting down because it is obvious
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we have a statement that says "two young children are playing
they are standing on it.  The inference is that workers are standing on the lift because they are workers.  The inference is that workers are standing on the lift because they are standing on it.  The inference is that workers are standing on
they are standing on a lift.  The inference is that workers walk home from work.  The inference is that workers walk home from work.  The inference is that workers walk home from work.  The inference is that workers walk home
lift is a lift. Premise is workers standing on a lift. It is entailment to say lift is a lift because lift is a lift. Premise is workers standing on a lift. It is entailment to say lift is a lift because lift
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the location.  The fisherman is a person. The fisherman is at the dock. The fisherman is a fisherman. The fisherman is a fisherman at the dock. The fisherman is a fisherman
they are women. It is also contradiction to say women shopping at the mall because they are shopping at the mall. It is also contradiction to say women shopping at the mall because they are shopping at the mall. It is also contradiction to say women shopping at
they are talking on a dock. It is entailment to say people outside because they are talking on a dock. It is entailment to say people outside because they are talking on a dock. It is entailment to say people outside because they are talking on a
it is not a fact about the boy. The boy is not a scientist, he is a boy. The boy is not a scientist, he is a boy. The boy is not a
she is not using a field microscope.  Premise is a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip. It is contradiction to say the young girl looks
he is looking through a microscope. Premise is entailment because it is entailment.  Premise is entailment because it is entailment.  Premise is entailment
he has thrown himself over a pole.  The inference is a man has hurled himself over a pole because he has flung himself in the air.  The inference is a
he is running away from the pole.  The inference is that the man is running away from the pole.  The inference is that the man is running away from the pole.
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say a person is performing a trick at the circus because it is a statement of fact.  Prem
he is wearing golfing attire. Premise is entailment to say a golfer is getting ready to putt the ball because he is wearing
it is entailment to say the golfer is getting ready to putt on the green,
he is getting ready to putt on the green.  The inference is that the golfer is getting ready to putt on the green.  The
a child is wrestling with bears.  The inference is that the child is wrestling with bears.  The inference is that the child is wrestling with bears.  The inference is that the child is wrestling with bears.
it is entailment to say a child is wearing a ninja outfit. Premise is entailment to say a child is wearing a ninja outfit because it is entailment to say a child is wearing a ninja outfit. Premise
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a child in a black ninja suit does a kick. Premise is a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick. It is neutral to say a
it is not a statement about the content of the conversation. It is a statement about the context of the conversation.  The inference is that the men are having a conversation about red chairs.  The inference is that the
the kitchen table is not a chair.  The inference is that the three men are sitting at the kitchen table.  The inference is that the inference is that the inference is that the inference is that the inference
chairs are red. Premise is three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats. It is entailment to say men are sitting outside because chairs are red. Premise is three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.
there's a wall. Premise is a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall. It is entailment to say there's a place to sit near a wall because there's a wall.
it is not a person sitting inside.  The inference is that the person is sitting outside.  The inference is that the person is sitting outside.  The inference is that the person is sitting outside.
a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.  Premise is a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall. It is contradiction to say a person is laying at home because a person is sitting
he is cooking over high flames.  The inference is that the man is cooking over high flames.  The inference is that the man is raking the yard because he is cooking over high flames.  The inference is that the
it is true for all men. But it is false to say a man is cooking for his friends because it is false for some men.  Premise is a man cooking over high flames. It is neutral to say a man is cooking
it is entailment to say a person is cooking. Premise is entailment to say a person is cooking because it is entailment to say a person is preparing some food. Premise is entailment to say a person is preparing some food
it is entailment to say a man is cooking with fire. Premise is entailment to say a man is cooking with fire because it is entailment to say a man is cooking. Prem
it is not specific to any one person.  Now, we can infer that the man is cooking dinner for his family because we know that the man is cooking dinner for his
it is not possible.  Premise is a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time. It is contradiction to say a man is cooking with a bunch of ovens
the man with the beard is examining the camera.  The inference is that the man with the beard is examining the camera because the man with the black shirt is
a man cannot take a picture of a woman.  The inference is that the man with the beard is examining a camera. The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man's identity. However, if we say a man is with a cowboy, we are making a statement about the man's identity.
it is winter. It is also neutral to say the road is dangerous for the four women to try to walk on because it is covered in snow because it is winter
they are women. Premise is four women are taking a walk down an icy road. It is entailment to say the women are walking on the ice because they are women. Premise is four women are taking a
it is contradictory to say four women are walking near the dry highway.  The inference is that the women are walking near the dry highway.  The inference is that the women are walking near the dry highway.
they are watching them play. It is also neutral to say people love the music because they are watching them play brass instruments.  Now let's say we want to say that people love the music because they
they are playing brass instruments.  The inference is that the men are playing brass instruments because they are watching a sports channel.  The inference is that the men are watching a sports channel
they are playing brass instruments. Premise is four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them. It is entailment to say the men are playing music because they are
it is raining.  The inference is that the man is shooting a gun outdoors.  The inference is that the man is shooting a gun outdoors.
it is entailment to say a man is shooting a gun outdoors.  Premise is a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful
it is not specific to any one person.  The next step is to determine whether the man is shooting a gun outdoors with his friends. This is done by using a rule
there are two people present.  Premise is a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official. It is contradiction to say there is only one person present because there are two people present.
they are standing behind a coaching official. The inference is that they are college football players.  The inference is that they are college football players.  The inference is that they are college football players.  The
it is entailment to say there are multiple people present. It is entailment to say there are multiple people present because it is entailment to say there are multiple people present. It is entailment to say there are
it is true. It is also true that one man watches tv because it is true. It is also true that one man holds a whiteboard because it is
it is not a specific location. The inference is that the five guys are in a loft.  The inference is that the five guys are
they are not in the loft.  The inference is that the whiteboard is being used to write a program to control the television.  The
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the building. The man is not sitting
he is sitting down.  The inference is that the man is sitting down because he is wearing a black
he is sitting in front of it. The inference is that he is in front of the building because he is
they are facing the same direction. It is entailment to say they are facing the same direction because they are seated at tables. It is entailment to say they are seated at tables
they are not facing each other.  The inference is that the people are sharing a meal because they are facing each other.  The inference is that the people
they are related.  Now, let's say we have a family reunion in progress. We have a table with a family member writing
it is a fact. But it is not neutral to say a person cooks dinner because it is a fact. The inference is that the person cooks dinner.  The inference is that the person cooks dinner because the person is an elderly woman.
he is not an elderly woman.  Premise is an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen. It is contradiction to say a man cleans the kitchen because he is not an elderly woman.  Premise is an elderly woman
she is an elderly woman. Premise is entailment to say she is an elderly woman because she is preparing food. Premise is entailment to say she is preparing food because she is an elderly woman. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the activity.  Now, let's say we have a statement about the activity. Premise is four women competitively rollerskating
women rollerskating around an area implies women rollerskating around an area. Premise is four women competitively rollerskating around an area. It is entailment to say women rollers
men are not competitively rollerskating.  The inference is that the women are competitively rollerskating.  The inference is that the women are competitively rollerskating.
he is walking on water.  The inference is that the man walking on water is not walking on water.  The inference is that the man walking on water is not walking on water.
it is not a statement about the parade or festival. It is a statement about the workers cleaning up after the parade or festival.  Now, let's say we want to
they are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade.  Premise is a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival. It
she is playing with her barbie. But it is not neutral to say she is having fun because she is playing with her barbie because it is a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the girl because
the young girl is playing with a barbie. The inference is that the young girl is playing with a barbie.  Premise is a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie
she is wearing a pink shirt. Premise is entailment to say the young girl is playing with a barbie because she is wearing a pink shirt. Premise is entailment to say the young girl
it has stuff on top.  Premise is a car is loaded with items on the top. It is entailment to say the car has stuff on top because it has stuff on top.  Premise is a
it is going to a destination. The destination is a car. The destination is a car. The destination is a car. The destination is a car. The destination is a car. The destination is a car. The destination is
it is loaded with items on the top.  The inference is that the car is loaded with items on the top.  The inference is that the car is loaded with items on the top.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the man wearing the snorkel and goggles. It is a statement about the two guys above the water.  The inference is
it is neutral to say two guys are on a lake. It is not neutral to say two guys are on a lake because it is not neutral to say two guys are
there are no men in the forest.  Premise is several women wearing dresses dance in the forest. It is contradiction to say there are men dancing because there are no men in the forest.  Premise is several women wearing dresses dance
they are wearing dresses. It is also neutral to say the women are younger because they are wearing dresses. It is also neutral to say the women are wearing dresses because they are dancing. It is also neutral to say the women are wearing dresses because they
it is necessary to say there are several women. Premise is several women wear dresses. It is entailment to say there are several women because it is necessary to say there are several women. Premise is several women wear dresses. It is
it is not specific enough to be a description of a person.  The inference is that the boy is wearing a green shirt and
it is entailment to say a boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall because it is entailment to say a boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall because it
it is not a boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel.  The inference is that the boy is rollerblading through the tunnel.
they were wearing a white jacket with blue jeans.  The inference is natural because it is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is
there was no dog inside.  The inference is that there was a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds.  The inference is that there was a
there were some birds near a flock of birds. Premise is entailment to say there were some birds near a flock of birds because there were some birds near a woman. Prem
a dog is a dog and a cat is a cat. So we can infer that the dog is chasing the toy.  Now let's say we have a sentence like "The dog is chasing the toy". We
it is neutral. It is neutral to say a black dog is chasing a brown dog because it is neutral. It is neutral to say a black dog is chasing a brown dog because it is neutral
dog is running and being chased by another dog. Premise is dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog. It is entailment to say dog is running and being chased by another dog because dog is
it is not a statement about gender. It is neutral to say a woman and her kids climb up the stairs because it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is
a woman and two children climb up the stairs. Premise is a woman and two children climb up the stairs. It is entailment to say a woman climbs up the stairs
a man is lying down, sleeping is a contradiction. So, we can infer that the man is sleeping.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "A man is sitting on the floor, sleeping
he is sitting on the floor. Premise is a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping. Premise is entailment to say a man is sleeping on the floor because he is sitting on the floor. Premise is
the young man is sitting on the floor. Premise is a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping. It is entailment to say a young man is sleeping while in the sitting position because the young man
the woman is wearing a bikini. The inference is that the woman is wearing a bikini.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a bikini.  The inference is that the woman
it is not a statement about her personality. It is a statement about her physical appearance.  Now, let's say we want to say that the woman is a super model because she is beautiful
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman in a bikini lays near the water because she is wearing a bikini. Premise is entailment to say a
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog is a pitbull because it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog is a wolf because it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the
it jumps over the obstacle.  Premise is a brown dog jumps over an obstacle. It is contradiction to say the dog is in a pool because it jumps over the obstacle. Conclusion is the dog is in the pool.  Conclusion
it jumps over the obstacle. Premise is a dog jumps over an obstacle. It is entailment to say the dog is in the air because it jumps over the obstacle. Premise is a dog jumps over an obstacle. It is entail
it is neutral to say a dog is carrying something. It is neutral to say a dog is carrying something because it is neutral to say a dog is carrying something. It is neutral to say a dog
it is carrying something. Premise is entailment to say a dog is carrying something because it is carrying something. Premise is entailment to say a dog is carrying something because it is carrying something. Prem
a dog cannot carry an object down a grassy side. Premise is a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside. Premise is a brown dog carries
it is entailment to say a person is doing tricks in front of crowd.  Premise is a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red
they are watching him. Premise is entailment to say people watching him are watching him because they are watching him. Premise is entail
he is a breakdancer.  The inference is that the breakdancer is a man who wears red jacket.  The inference is that the breakdancer
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the table.  The inference is that the men are cutting wood to build a table. The inference is not that
they are sawing.  Premise is two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half. It is contradiction to say two men are hammering because they are sawing.
they are sawing a log. Premise is two men are sawing a log in half. Premise is two men are sawing a log in half. Premise is two men are sawing
they are working. It is entailment to say they are working because they are strong men. It is entailment to say they are strong men because they are working. It is entailment to say they are working because they are strong men
they are working.  Premise is two strong men work to saw a log. It is contradiction to say two strong men are having a beer because they are working.  Premise is two strong men work to saw a
it is true. It is also true that the oak log is sawed. Therefore, it is true that the two strong men work to saw the oak log.  Premise is two strong men work to saw a
they are wearing belts. It is also neutral to say the men are experts at martial arts
they are wearing different belts.  The inference is that the men are blackbelts because they are
he is pictured with a man wearing a red belt.  Premise is a black man
they are sitting on the floor.  The inference is that they are sitting on the floor because they are ladies.  The inference is that they are ladies because they are sitting on the floor.  The inference is that they
it is not a statement about the ladies themselves. It is a statement about the activity they are doing.  The ladies are kickboxing is a statement about the activity they are doing. It is not a statement about the ladies themselves.
they are outside. The inference is that they are outside because they are outside.  The inference is that they are outside because they are outside because they are outside.  The inference is that they are outside because they are outside because they
he is playing the game. The child is playing the game because he is sleeping. The child is sleeping because he is playing the game. The child is playing the game because he is sleeping. The child is sleeping because he is playing the game.
he is a kid.  Premise is a kid playing a game called the derby. It is entailment to say the child is playing because he is a kid.  Premise is a kid playing a game called the derby.
it is a neutral statement. The child is playing a game for fun because it is a neutral statement. The child is playing a game for fun because it is a neutral statement. The child is playing a game for fun because it
the man is riding a bike. The inference is that the man is riding a bike.  The inference is that the man is riding a bike because the man is riding a bike.  The inference is that the man
he is riding a bike. Premise is entailment to say the man is riding a bike because he is riding a bike. Premise is entailment to say the man is riding a bike because he is riding a bike.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bike. The man is riding a dirt bike is a statement about the man.  The inference is that the man is riding a dirt bike is
they are in an alley. It is not neutral to say people are hanging out together because they are in an alley because they are hanging out together.  The inference is that the people are hanging out together because they are in
it is a fact. It is neutral to say people are taking a picture because it is a fact. It is neutral to say people are taking a picture because it is a fact. It is neutral to say people are taking a
they are not in the alley.  The computer is a tool that helps us to do things. It is not a thing. It is a tool.  The computer is a tool that helps us to do things.
it is not gendered.  Now, let's say we have a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market
they are hungry. Premise is entailment to say people are hungry because they are viewing produce at a market. Premise is entailment to say people are viewing produce at a market because they are hungry
dogs don't look at fresh lettuce.  The inference is that dogs don't look at fresh lettuce.  The inference is that dogs don't look at fresh
they are angry with the market.  The inference is that the group of people throwing bananas at the market are angry with the market.  The inference
they are walking through a busy public market. Premise is entailment to say shoppers purchasing vegetables at a busy public market because they are walking through a busy
it is not a statement about the people in the video.  Now, let's say we want to say that the group of people
he is wearing a pastel shirt and sunhat.  The inference is that the man is reading the paper because he is an asian man wearing a pastel shirt and
he is wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat. Premise is entailment to say an asian man is pushing a cart up the street because he
it is true. It is also true that he is selling food because he is an asian man.  Premise is an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sun
he is working on a structure.  The inference is that the man is working on a structure because he has tools.  The inference is that the man has tools because he is working on a structure.
it is a man doing it. It is not neutral to say a man is repairing a dam because it is a man repairing a dam.  The second premise is that the man is repairing a dam.
he is working on a earthen structure.  Premise is a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe. It is contradiction to say the man is in an office
dogs don't sit on the porch.  Premise is two dogs stand side by side in the yard. It is contradiction to say two dogs sitting on the porch because dogs don't sit on the porch.  Premise
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the yard.  The inference is that the dogs are together in the yard. The inference is not that the dogs are together in the yard because they are
they are dogs. Premise is two dogs stand side by side in the yard. It is entailment to say two dogs standing together in the yard because they are dogs. Premise is two dogs stand side by side in
it is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the baby is wearing orange because it is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the baby is
it is not necessary to say that the dress was bought. The inference is that the dress was bought.  The inference is that the dress was bought because the older
it is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the baby is nude because it is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the baby is nude because it
it is not a
they are not wearing opposing colors.  The inference is
they are both wearing black shirts and brown pants.  Premise is a man in a black shirt and brown pants is
it is raining. Premise is a child is in the ocean because it is raining. Premise is a child is in the ocean because it is raining. Premise is a child is in the ocean because it is raining.
the child is standing in the ocean. Premise is entailment to say the child is standing on the beach because the child is standing in the ocean. Premise is entailment to say the child is standing on the beach
it is a boy. It is neutral to say the child is a girl because it is a girl. It is neutral to say the child is a boy who is standing in chest deep ocean water because it is a boy who is standing in
the girls are wearing winter clothing.  The inference is that the girls are wearing winter clothing because it is cold outside.  The inference is that the girls are wearing
they are holding disposable cameras. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is
they are disposable. It is also neutral to say the girls are young because they are girls. It is also neutral to say the girls are wearing winter clothing because it is winter.  Premise is three young
it is not possible for a man to be sitting on a swingset in a deserted park.  Premise is a man with a red helmet
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the race.  Now, let's say the man in the red helmet is
the numbers are on his arm and leg. Premise is entailment to say a person wearing numbers is riding a bicycle because the numbers are on his
he is sitting on a bench in front of
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about
he is wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat
it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about the stick. The dog is pulling a stick is a statement about the dog.  The dog is pulling a stick is a statement about the dog
it is white. Premise is the dog is pulling a stick. It is entailment to say the dog is pulling a stick because it is white. Premise is the dog is pulling a stick. It is entailment to say
the dog is pulling the stick.  The inference engine is able to infer the truth value of the statement based on the premises.  The inference engine is able to infer the truth value of the statement based on the
it is cut down. It is not neutral to say the tree appears to be dead because it is cut down.  The tree worker is cutting down a branch. It is neutral to say the tree appears to be
he is cutting down a branch. Premise is a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch. It is entailment to say the man is wearing safety gear on his head because he
she is not wearing a hard hat.  The inference engine is a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch. It is contradiction to say a ballerina is climbing a tree because she
it is not a statement about the father. It is a statement about the child.  Premise is a child plays with her father's boots. It is neutral to say a child plays with her
she is wearing boots. Premise is entailment to say a child is playing because she is wearing boots. Premise is entailment to say a child is playing because she is wearing boots. Premise is entailment to say a child is
it is not her father's boots.  The child is playing with her father's boots because she is playing with her father's boots.  The child is playing with her father's boots because she is playing with
it is next to a red slide. The inference is that the boy is climbing a red slide.  The inference is based on the
he is wearing a hoodie.  The inference engine will look for a pattern in the text. It will look for a pattern in the text.
he is sitting on a red slide. Premise is a boy is playing because he is sitting on a red slide. Premise is a boy is playing because he is sitting on
it is a lioness. Premise is a lioness preys because it is a lioness. Premise is a lioness preys because it is a lioness. Premise is a lioness preys because it is a
it is hungry. It is not neutral to say the lioness is hungry because it is hungry for prey.  The same applies to the sentence "The lioness is hungry." It is neutral to say the lioness is hungry because it
it is not sleeping.  Premise is a lioness closes in on its prey. It is contradiction to say the lioness is sleeping because it is not sleeping.  Premise is a lioness closes in on its prey.
she is a gymnast. Premise is entailment to say the female gymnast is training because she is female. Premise is entailment to say the female gymnast is training because she is black and
she is already there.  The inference is that the female gymnast is already at the gym.  The inference is that the female gymnast is already at the gym.
it is not a statement about the gymnast's gender. However, if you say the female gymnast is training for the olympics because she is a female gymnast, you are
the pigs eat the dogs.  The inference is that the woman in the white hijab digs into the ground. The inference is that the pigs eat dogs because the pigs eat the dogs.  The inference is that the woman in the
she is a woman in a white hijab. Premise is entailment to say the lady digs into the ground because she is a woman in a white hijab. Premise is entailment to say the lady digs into the ground
it is not a statement about her religion. It is a statement about her profession.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The lady digs into the ground for gold." This sentence is ambiguous
she is smiling. Premise is a girl slides down a purple slide feet first. It is entailment to say a girl slides down a purple slide because she is smiling. Premise is a girl slides down a purple slide
he is sliding feet first.  The inference is that the girl is smiling because she is sliding feet first.  The inference is that the boy is frowning because he is sliding feet first.  The inference
she slides down a purple slide feet first. It is neutral to say a girl slides down a purple slide happily because she slides down a purple slide feet first.  Premise is a smiling girl slides down a
it is contradictory to say a skateboarded is jogging down the street.  Premise is a skateboarder with a black and white hat at
it is not a statement about the skateboarder. It is a statement about the season.  Premise is a skateboarder with a black and
it is entailment to say a skateboarder is outdoors on a snowy day. Premise is entailment to say a skateboarder is outdoors because it is entailment
a man stands by two face structures on easter island. Premise is a man stands by two face structures on easter island. It is entailment to say a man on easter island because a man stands by
it is not a man.  The inference is that the child hunts for easter eggs because it is a child.  The inference is that the child hunts for easter eggs because it is a child.
it is not a statement about the tourist. It is a statement about the man standing by the two face structures.  The inference is that the tourist has his picture taken on easter island.
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The man is reaching for his wife because he is married. It is a fact. The man is reaching for his wife because he is married
he is laying on the grass.  The inference is that the man is laying on the grass because he is reaching out to another person.
he is reaching out to another person.  The inference is natural because it is a logical inference. Premise is a man in red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the bake sale.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not a statement about the bake sale. It is a statement about the
they are smiling.  Premise is three women are smiling and making cupcakes. It is entailment to say the three women are happy about baking cupcakes because they are smiling.  Premise is three
they are smiling and making cupcakes. Premise is three women are smiling and making cupcakes. It is contradiction to say three women go to the spa because they are smiling and making cupcakes. Premise is three women are smiling and
they are men. It is entailment to say they are working near a wall because they are wearing hard hats. It is entailment to say they are wearing hard hats because they are working near a wall. It is entailment to
they are working on the wall.  The inference is that men are working on the wall because they are jumping in the pool.  The inference is that men are jumping in the pool because they are working on the wall.
it is raining. It is not neutral to say men are working near a wall and it is raining.  The same thing applies to natural language inference. It is neutral to say men are working near a wall.
they are wearing shorts.  The inference is that the farmers are working hard on their tractor.  The inference is that the farmers are working hard on
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the
it is implied that the overall wearing people are farmers.  The inference is that the overall wearing people are farmers because they are wearing overalls.
sheep are not horses.  The inference is that the equipment is being pulled by horses.  The inference is that the equipment is being pulled by horses because the equipment is being pulled by horses.
they are both horses. It is not neutral to say the horses are both brown because one is brown and one is black.  The inference is that the men are both brown because they are both working on the farm
they are working on farm stuff. Premise is true because it is entailment. Premise is false because it is entailment. Premise is false because it is entailment. Premise is true
he is watching a skier ski-jump. Premise is a contradiction to say a skier down the road skiying because he is watching a skier ski-jump. Premise is
he is skiing. Premise is a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act. It is entailment to say a skier preparing a trick because he is skiing.
it is not a statement about the skier himself.  The inference is that the skier is a good skier.  The inference is that the skier is a good skier
they are enjoying a day at the beach. The inference is that the boys are enjoying a day at the beach because they are young boys.  Premise is three young boys enjoying a day at the beach. It is entail
they are enjoying the day. The inference is that the boys are enjoying the day while sleeping.  The inference is that the boys are enjoying the day while sleeping.  The inference is that the boys are enjoying the day while sleeping.
they are playing in the sand. Premise is entailment to say they are playing in the sand because they are enjoying themselves. Premise is entailment to say they are enjoying themselves because they are young. Premise is entailment to
the nephew is laughing.  The inference is that the boy holding down his nephew is the boy in the hat.  The
the girlfriend is not a girl.  The inference is that the boy is being held down by his girlfriend.  The inference is
the boy is shot by a water gun. Premise is three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him. It is entailment
it is running outside. It is also neutral to say the dog is running outside because it is running on a leash. It is also neutral to say the dog is running outside because it is running on a leash because it is running outside.  Now, let's
it is a dog. Premise is a dog runs. It is entailment to say the dog runs because it is a dog. Premise is a dog runs. It is entailment to say the dog runs because it is a dog. Premise is a dog runs
it is walking. Premise is a dog runs. It is contradiction to say the dog is walking because it is running. Premise is a dog runs. It is contradiction to say the dog is walking because it is running. Premise is a dog runs. It is
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the big dog is playing with a toy because it is a brown and black dog. It is also neutral to say the big dog is playing
it is not outside.  The inference engine is able to infer that the animal is sleeping in the basement because it is not outside.  The inference engine is able to infer that the animal
he is running. Premise is entailment to say a canine is running because he is brown and black. Premise is entailment to say a canine is running because he is outdoors. Premise
the mother is black and the father is white. The inference is that the mother is the father.  The inference is that the mother is the father.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the family. It is a statement about the market.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the mother is a
it is entailment to say people at an outdoor market stand. It is entailment to say people at an outdoor market stand because it is entailment to say people at an outdoor market
it is not a statement about any particular group of kids. It is a statement about a group of kids.  Now, let's say we want to say that kids are playing on a structure. We can say that kids are
they are playing on the structure.  The inference is that the kids are playing on the structure.  The inference is that the kids are watching tv in the living room because they are playing on the
it is a neutral statement. The kids are playing in the park because they are playing in the park. The kids are playing in the park because they are playing in the park. The kids are playing in the park
he is carrying a notebook. The man is carrying a notebook because he is going to class. The man is going to class because he is carrying a notebook. The man is carrying a notebook because he is going to class. The man
he is walking and carrying a notebook. Premise is a man walking and carrying a notebook. It is entailment to say the man has something in his hand because he is walking and carrying a notebook. Premise is a man walking
she is walking and carrying a notebook.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book.
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a person is waiting for the train. It is a fact that a person is wearing gloves. It is a fact that a person is putting on gloves
he is putting on his gloves. Premise is entailment to say a person is in the subway station because he is putting on his gloves. Premise is entailment to say a person is in
he is putting on his gloves.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the premise from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth
he is standing in front of the ticket machines. Premise is one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines. Premise is one confused man is
he doesn't know where he is.  Now, let's say we have a second sentence that says the man is confused because he doesn't know where
he is standing and staring off into the distance.  The inference is that the man is confused because he is standing and staring off into the distance.  The inference is that the man
they are wearing dark suits in the park.  The inference is that the men are
they are going to rob the fare card machines.  The inference is that the man are
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting over the toy because they are dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting over the toy because they are
they are fighting over the toy.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth of the premise. It will try to infer that the dogs are fighting over the toy. It will try to infer that the dogs are
they are fighting over it. Premise is two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy. It is entailment to say the dogs are near the toy because they are fighting over it. Premise is two dogs fighting over a
they are drinking alcohol. Premise is entailment to say a group of friends are drinking alcohol because they are sitting at the table. Premise is entailment to say a group of
they are sitting at a table drinking alcohol.  The inference is that the group of friends are sleeping because they are sitting at a table drinking alcohol.  The inference is that the group of
they are drinking alcohol. Premise is entailment to say a group of friends are drinking alcohol because they are sitting. Premise is entailment to say a group of friends are sitting because they
they are wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the person is falling off their bicycle.  The inference is that the person is falling off their bicycle.  The inference is that the
it is not a person.  Now we can say that the surfer is wearing a red shirt. This is a statement about the surfer. It is
they are wearing a red shirt. Premise is a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard. It is entailment to say a person is in the water because they are wearing a red
there is a man walking past the sign. Premise is a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the sign. The man is walking past the sign. The man is walking past the sign. The man
he is walking.  The inference is that the man is walking past the sign.  The inference is that the man is walking past the sign.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say black man poses in front of
he is posing in front of e.s.e. advertisement billboard.  The inference is that man is posing in
it is not a statement about the man's race. It is neutral
they are packed into a subway car. It is entailment to say a crowd of people are together because they are packed into a subway car. It is entailment to say a crowd of people are together because they are packed
it is contradictory to say one person sits on a subway car alone.  Premise is a crowd of people are packed into a subway car. It is contradiction to say one person sits on a subway car alone because
it is neutral to say a crowd of people are headed to work. It is neutral to say a crowd of people are headed to work because it is neutral to say a crowd of people are headed to work. It is
she is wearing a scarf. Premise is a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse. It is entailment to say a girl is brushing a horse because she is wearing a scarf. Premise is a girl wearing a scarf
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the horse.  Premise is a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse. It is neutral to say a
it is contradictory to say a girl is brushing a horse.  Premise is a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse. It is contradiction to say a girl is sitting on a park bench holding a
he is a guitarist.  Premise is a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing
the guitarist is standing outside.  The inference is that the guitarist is standing outside.  The inference is that the guitarist is standing outside.  The inference is
the guitarist is outside with children playing. The inference is that the guitarist is outside with children playing because he is a guitarist.  The inference is that the guitarist
she is wearing winter gear. The girl is outside because she is wearing winter gear. The girl is outside because she is wearing winter gear. The girl is outside because she is wearing winter gear. The girl
she is wearing winter gear.  The inference engine is trained on a corpus of sentences that contain the word "ready" and "winter gear". The inference engine is trained to recognize the
it is entailment to say a group of people walks in the square. Premise is a group of people walks in the square because it is entailment to say a group of people walks
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the environment.  The crowd walks through tear gas.  The crowd walks through tear gas.  The
they are not dancing at night.  The inference is that the crowd walks about the square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.  The inference is that the crowd walks about
she is asian.  The inference is a natural language inference. Premise is an asian woman enjoys a nice treat. It is entailment to say a lady is taking pleasure from a treat because she is as
it is a nice treat. It is also neutral to say the asian woman is eating ice cream because she enjoys it.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The asian woman enjoys ice cream."
he is late.  Premise is an asian woman enjoys a nice treat. It is contradiction to say a business man is hurrying to work because he is late.  Premise is an asian woman enjoys
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the sport.  Now suppose we say a girl is jumping over a low hurdle. This is a statement about the girl
she is a schoolgirl. Premise is entailment to say a girl is jumping over a hurdle because she is jumping over a hurdle. Premise is entailment to say a girl is jumping over a hurdle because she is
she is jumping over a hurdle.  The inference is that the girl is jumping over a hurdle.  The inference is that the girl is jumping over a hurdle.  The inference
it is not necessary to specify who is sitting next to whom.  The inference is that the woman is sitting next to a man. The inference is not that the
she is applying red nail polish to her toes. Premise is entailment to say the woman has red toenails because she is applying red nail polish to her
she is wearing high heels.  Premise is a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat. It is contradiction to
they are playing tag. It is not neutral to say the kids are playing tag because they are playing tag on the rocks with a steamboat in the background.  The inference is that the kids are playing tag because they
they are playing on the rocks.  The inference is that kids are playing on the rocks because they are at school.  The inference is that kids are at school because they are playing on the rocks.
the steamboat is there. Premise is kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background. It is entailment to say the kids are playing because the steamboat is there. Premise is kids playing on
he is wearing a white hate and sunglasses.  Premise is a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says
he is sitting in a truck.  Premise is a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says 'co
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the truck. The truck is neutral. The man is not neutral. The
there is a boy in the woods. Premise is entailment to say there is a boy in the woods because there is a boy in the woods. Premise is entailment to say there is a boy in the woods because there is a
it is entailment to say there is a boy in the woods. It is entailment to say there is a small boy in the woods because it is entailment to say there is a boy in the woods. It is entailment to
she is a lady. Premise is entailment to say a lady takes photos of a horse because she is taking photos of a horse. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  The next step is to say that the photographer is paid to photograph wild stallions because she is a
it is not possible.  The inference is that the lady is not naked.  The inference is that the lady is not naked. Premise is a lady in
it is not a fact. It is a prediction. The prediction is true if the person is in the kayak and the person is in the kayak. The prediction is false if the person is not in the
it is entailment to say this person is riding the rapids. It is entailment to say this person is riding the rapids because it is entailment to say this person is in a kayak. It
it is not a kayak.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion. The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion.
it is a mode of transportation used in service.  Premise is a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the man in the mask. It is a statement about the police car.  Now, let's say we have a man in a mask in the back of a police car.
the woman is wearing a mask.  The inference is that the woman is not wearing a mask.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a mask.  The inference is
it is not clear whether the horse fell down or tripped on a rock. The inference is that the horse fell down on the green grass.
it is falling down.  The inference is that the horse is gallantly riding through the grass.  The inference is that the horse
he is riding on top of it.  Premise is a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey
it is not a person with an orange shovel. It is also neutral to say the person is shoveling snow because it is not a person with an orange shovel.  Now, let's say we have a
there is a person with an orange shovel outside. Premise is entailment to say there is snow outside because there is a person with an orange shovel outside. Premise is entailment to say there is snow outside because there is a
it is raining in the desert.  The inference is that the person with the orange shovel is shoveling snow.  The inference is that the person with the orange shovel is shoveling snow.  The inference
workers are wearing orange vests.  The inference is that workers are sitting and riding a train.  The inference is that workers are sitting and riding a train.  The inference is that workers are sitting and riding
it is true. It is false to say workers wearing orange are about to repair rail tracks because it is false.  Premise is workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks. It is neutral to say workers
they are wearing orange vests. It is entailment to say workers are standing outside because they are wearing orange vests because they are standing near rail tracks. It is entailment to say workers are standing near rail tracks because they are wearing
they bathe in water from large drums.  Premise is children bathe in water from large drums. It is entailment to say the kids are taking a bath because they bathe in water from large drums.
they are not reading.  The inference is not that children bathe in water from large drums. The inference is that children bathe in water from large drums.  The inference is not that children bathe in water from large
they bathe in water from large drums. Premise is children bathe in water from large drums. It is entailment to say the kids are wet because they bathe in water from large drums. Premise is children bathe in water
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the object he is carrying.  The
he is skiing.  The sentence is ambiguous. The word "snowboarding" is ambiguous. The sentence is ambiguous. The word "
it is not a statement about the skateboarder himself.  The inference is that the skateboarder is performing a
it is entailment to say a skateboarder is performing tricks in an area with ramps. Premise is a skateboarder is performing
he is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.  The inference is that the skateboarder
he is a boy. Premise is entailment to say a boy is giving his brother a ride because he is a boy because he is giving his brother a ride. Premise is entailment to say a
he is giving him a piggyback ride.  Premise is a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride. It is contradiction to say a boy is playing monopoly with his brother because he is
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's action.  Premise is a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride in the
the middle aged men are not holding scarves.  The inference is that the middle aged men are not holding scarves because they are not children.
she is holding a colourful scarf. Premise is entailment to say a woman is holding a colourful scarf because she is teaching a ballet class. Premise is entailment to say a woman is teaching
it is true. It is false to say a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding blue and yellow scarves because it is false.
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the water.  Premise is a bare chested smiling child plays in water. It is neutral to say there is a child getting naked in
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the water.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "There is a naked child in the water". This is a statement about
it is entailment to say there is a child playing in the water. Premise is a bare chested smiling child plays in water. It is entailment to say there is a topless child playing in
they are swimming with boogie boards.  The inference is that the two boys are swimming with boogie boards.  The inference is that the two boys are swimming with boogie boards.  The inference is
they are swimming with boogie boards. Premise is true. It is entailment to say the two boys are swimming with their floats because they are swimming with boogie boards. Premise is true. It is entail
it is not a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the wave.  The inference is that the boys are catching a wave because they are swimming. The inference is that they are swimming because they are
the man is wearing a suit and the lady is wearing sunglasses.  The inference is that the man is stealing the lady's purse because he is wearing a suit and she
the man is wearing a suit and the lady is wearing sunglasses. Premise is entailment to say a man is chatting with a lady because the man is wearing a suit and the lady is
it is not specific to any one person. The inference is that the man is talking to the lady about the weather.  The inference is based on the context. The inference
they are standing. It is entailment to say they are standing because they are girls. It is entailment to say they are girls because they are talking. It is entailment to say they are talking because they are girls. It is
they are standing.  The inference is that they are standing because they are talking to each other.  The inference is that they are talking to each other because they are standing.  The inference is that they are standing because they
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "Three girls are standing and talking to each other." It is a statement about the girls.
they are sitting down.  The inference is that the people are standing next to the fence.  The inference is that the people are standing next to the fence.  The inference is that the people are standing next to
they are standing next to the fence. Premise is people are standing next to a fence. It is entailment to say the people are outside because they are standing next to the fence. Premise is people are standing next to a fence
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the fence. The fence is a neutral object. It is not a statement about the people. The fence is a neutral object. It
bicycles are not carried.  The inference is that the men are carrying skateboards.  The inference is that the men are carrying skateboards because bicycles are not carried.  The inference is that the men are carrying skateboards
they are walking. Premise is two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard. It is entailment to say both of the men are walking because they are walking. Premise is two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the environment they are in.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the men are going to the park because they are going to skate
it is not specific to a person. The inference is that the runner is male.  The inference is based on the context of the sentence. The context is the sentence itself. The
they are running is male. Premise is entailment to say a person running because they are running is orange and white t-shirt and black shorts. Premise is entailment to say
there is a male runner.  Premise is a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track. It is contradiction to say nobody is
it is entailment to say three children are interacting with an illuminated water art display. Premise is three children are playing with an illuminated water art display. It is entailment to say three children are interacting
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference that says three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display. This
they are not playing basketball in a pond.  The inference is that kids are playing basketball in a pond.  The inference is that kids are playing
they are coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it.  Premise is kids play in water coming up
it is neutral to say kids are playing at the fountain at a local mall.  The inference is that kids are playing at the fountain at
she is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball. Premise is entailment to say a woman is playing tennis because she is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball. Premise is entailment to say a woman is
she is hitting a tennis ball.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping because she is hitting a tennis ball.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping because she is hitting a tennis ball.  The inference
it is not a gender specific term. However, it is a gender specific term to say a woman hit a tennis ball.  The inference is that the woman hit the tennis ball.  The inference is that
she is wearing boxing gloves. The inference is that she is going to box.  The inference is that she is going to box because she is wearing boxing gloves.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the action of getting up to get some water.  Premise is a woman with short
another woman laughs. Premise is entailment to say a woman laughs because another woman rises from a chair. Premise is entailment to say a woman rises from a chair
it is an announcement. It is entailment to say the beach has an announcement because it is an announcement. It is entailment to say the beach has an announcement because it is an announcement. It is entailment to say the beach
it is not a warning for everybody. It is a warning for everybody who is going to the beach. So, it is a warning for everybody.  So, we have a natural language inference. We have a natural
there are no sharks on the beach. So, we have to infer that there are no sharks on the beach.  So, we have to infer that there are no sharks on the beach. So, we have to
it is a fact that it has a stripe on it. The inference is that the person in the yellow helmet is climbing.  The inference is that the person in the yellow helmet
they are climbing. Premise is a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether. It is entailment to say a person has a yellow
the person is wearing a yellow helmet.  The inference is that the person is wearing a yellow helmet.  The inference is that the person is wearing a yellow helmet.  The inference
they are asian.  The inference is that the couple are cooking in a park because they are asian.  The inference is that the couple are cooking in a park because they are asian.
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the location.  The inference is that the couple are asian because the location is a park.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the grill.  Now we can say that the grill is hot because it is on fire. But we can also say that
they are looking at the slide. It is also neutral to say the kids like science because they are looking at the slide through a microscope.  Now, suppose we want to infer that the
they are looking at the contents of a slide. Premise is entailment to say the children are looking at the contents of a slide because they are looking at the slide.
they are looking through a microscope.  The inference is that the kids are looking through a microscope because they are looking through a telescope.  The inference is that the kids
they are looking up at something.  Premise is a group of men and boys look upwards at something. It is entailment to say a group of people looking up because they are looking up at something.
a snake is not a mouse.  Premise is a group of men and boys look upwards at something. It is contradiction to say a snake eating a mouse because a snake is not a mouse.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about the coaches. It is a statement about the scoreboard.  Premise is a group of men and boys look upwards at something. It is neutral to say a group of coaches
it is neutral to say a dog chases a rabbit. But it is not neutral to say a dog chases a rabbit because it is neutral to say a dog chases a rabbit.  So, we can say that a
a rabbit runs through a grassy field. Premise is a man shoots a rabbit because a rabbit runs through a grassy field. Premise is a man shoots a rabbit because a rabbit runs through a grassy field. Premise is
it is entailment to say a brown dog runs through a grassy field. Premise is entailment to say a brown dog runs through a grassy field because it is entailment to say a brown dog runs outside. Premise
it is a dog. Premise is a dog is digging in the snow. It is entailment to say a black dog digging through the snow because it is a dog. Premise is a dog is digging in the snow
it is snowing. Premise is a dog is digging in the snow. Premise is a dog is digging in the snow. Premise is a dog is digging in the snow. Premise is a dog is digging in the snow.
it is not a dog.  The inference is:  Premise is a black dog is digging in the snow.  It is contradiction to say a cat running down a beach because it is not a dog.
it is not possible.  The inference is that the girl jumps in the air.  The inference is that the girl jumps in the air. Premise is a girl jumps in the air. It is contradiction to say a girl jumping rope
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the action of jumping. The girl is a subject of the sentence. The jump is a predicate of the sentence. The predicate is a noun phrase. The noun phrase is a noun phrase
it is a fact. But it is not neutral to say a girl jumps high because she is a girl. It is sexist.  The same thing applies to gender. It is neutral to say a girl jumps high because it is a fact. But it
man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.  Premise is man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys. It is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he was holding the door for his girlfreind.  The inference is that the man was holding the door for his
he is opening the door.  Premise is man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys. It is contradiction to say the man dropped his car keys in the sewer because
they are looking at it.  The inference is that kids are looking at the table and not burning it down.  The inference is that kids are looking at the table and not burning it down.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the table.  Now, we can say some kids are looking at an insect on the table. This is a statement about the kids.
some kids are looking at something on the table. Premise is kids are looking at something on a table. It is entailment to say some kids are looking at something on the table because some kids are looking at something
it is not a statement about the skateboarder. It is a statement about the competition.  Now let's say we have a statement about a skateboarder. It is a statement about the skateboarder.
it is entailment to say a skateboarder is sliding down a ramp.  Premise is skateboarder sliding down a ramp. It is entailment to say a skateboarder is doing a trick because it is
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact. It is
it is a neutral statement.  The inference is that the person is the creator of the snowman. The inference is not that the person is dressed in winter clothes. The inference
snowman is not a person.  The inference is that the person is dressed in winter clothes and poses with a snowman.  The inference is that the person is dressed
it is entailment to say next to a person dressed in winter clothes a snowman is present. Premise is a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a
he is not a baby.  The inference is that the baby is playing with the basketball.  The inference is that the baby is playing with the basketball.  The inference is that the baby is
it is not a statement about the baby. It is a statement about the flip-flops.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a
it is wearing flip-flops. Premise is baby in running in over-sized flip-flops. It is entailment to say a baby is running because it is wearing flip-flops. Premise is baby
it is a natural language inference. But if we say the kid is riding a bike, we are making a statement about the kid. We are saying that the kid is riding a bike. We are making a statement about the kid. We
he is holding handles.  The kid is asleep because he is holding handles.  The kid is asleep because he is holding handles.  The kid is asleep because he is holding handles.  The kid is asleep because he is
he is holding handles. Premise is kid holding handles on two wheeled object. It is entailment to say the kid has hands because he is holding handles. Premise is kid holding handles on two wheeled object. It is entailment
it is not possible for two men to carry a christmas tree.  The inference is that there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.  The inference is that there is a group
they are getting their picture taken with presents.  Premise is there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents. It is entailment to say children opening presents because they are getting their picture taken with presents.
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the tree.  The tree is a tree. It is not a christmas tree. It is not a tree decorated for
it is entailment to say a man is walking in the street. Premise is a man is walking in the street. It is entailment to say a man is walking outside because it is entailment to say a man is walking in the
a man is walking in the street.  The inference is that the man is playing golf.  The inference is that the man is playing golf. Premise is a man is walking in the street. It is contradiction to say a man
it is not specific enough to be a statement about the man. It is also neutral to say a man is walking in the street because it is not specific enough to be a statement about the man.
cats are not dogs.  The inference is that the big dog is checking out the smaller dog.  The inference is that the big dog is checking out the smaller dog.  The
it is a natural inference. Premise is a natural inference. Premise is a natural inference. Premise is a natural inference. Premise is a natural inference. Premise is a natural inference. Premise is
it is neutral to say a mother dog is checking up on her baby puppy.  Now, let's say the big dog is a dog and the smaller dog is a puppy. The big dog is checking up on
he is standing in front of them. It is entailment to say he is speaking to them because he is addressing them. It is entailment to say he is addressing them because he is
he is speaking to a crowd of people wearing business attire.  The inference is that the man is speaking at a stock broker conference because he is speaking to a crowd of people wearing
he is wearing a shirt and tie.  Premise is a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire. It is contradiction to say a boy is
she is standing on a street corner outside beside three different stores,
she is standing near three shops.  The inference is that she is standing outside of two art shops deciding
she is standing near a store.  The inference is that the woman is standing near a store.  The inference is
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The inference is that the person is in a race because the person is kicking up a lot of dirt. The inference is not
the person is kicking up a lot of dirt. Premise is a person is riding a four wheeler. It is entailment to say the person is riding a four wheel
it is not a person on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.  Premise is a person is riding a big wheel. It is neutral
he is not doing anything else. The man is not doing anything else because he is on his cell phone. The man is on his cell phone because he is
he is standing at the open passenger door side.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. The inference engine is trained to recognize the
the man is standing at the door.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes a sentence and tries to infer the truth of the sentence from the premises
the umbrella is red.  The inference is that the woman under the black umbrella is the man's wife.  The inference is that the woman under the red umbrella is the man's mistress.  The inference is
it is raining. Premise is man and women standing under a red umbrella. It is entailment to say they stood under the umbrella because it is raining. Premise is man and women standing under a red umbrella. It is entailment
they are married. It is not neutral to say the married couple stood under the umbrella because they are married.  Premise is man and women standing under a red umbrella. It is neutral to say the married couple stood under the
he is a man. Conclusion is man in white sweater writes his sports story because he is a man.  Premise is man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. It is contradiction to say
he is in the press box. Premise is man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. It is entailment to say a man watches the field because he is in the press box. Premise
he is not in a casino.  The inference is that the man is in a casino because he is in a casino.  The inference is that the man is in a casino because he is in a casino
grapes are not vegetables.  The inference is that the man is holding grapes because he is posing for a painting.
it is not a statement about the family.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is
his wife is wearing a red sweater. Premise is entailment because his daughter is wearing a red sweater. Premise is entail
he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding onions because he is in a market. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding onions because he is in
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man is smoking a cigarette because it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man is holding
he is holding onions.  The inference is that the man is holding onions because he is holding apples.  The inference is that the man is holding apples because he is holding onions.  The
she is with another woman.  The inference is that the woman is alone because she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman
she is dressed in blue. Premise is a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down
she is dressed as a bowler. Premise is a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw
it is not a street.  The inference is that the person in the white and black polka dot outfit is handing
it is entailment to say a person in a white and black polka dot outfit is handing out
she is a woman.  The inference is that she is a woman because
it is not a light colored dog.  Premise is a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle. It is contradiction to say a dog is sleeping on the table because it is not a light colored dog.  Premise
it is entailment to say a dog is a light colored dog. Premise is a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle. Premise is entailment to say a dog jumps over a hurdle because it is entailment to
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the dog is a show dog. The hypothesis is that the dog is a light colored dog. The hypothesis is that the dog leaps over hurdles. The
it is not possible.  The inference is that the man with beard is doing the skateboarding stunt.  The inference is that the man with beard is doing the skateboarding stunt.  The inference is that the man with
he has a beard. Premise is man with beard doing skateboarding stunt. Premise is entailment to say a man skateboards because he has a beard. Premise is entailment to say a man skateboards because he has a beard.
it is not specific to any person. But if we say a man with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard, we are saying that the man with a goate
she is drinking coffee.  The inference is that the woman is drinking coffee.  The inference is that the woman is chatting.  The inference is that the woman is drinking coffee.  The inference is that the woman is
it is not clear whether she is chatting with her friend or her husband. The inference is that she is chatting with her friend.  The inference is based on the context. The context is the woman is drinking coffee and chatting
she is drinking coffee. It is entailment to say a woman is drinking coffee because she is chatting. It is entailment to say a woman is chatting because she is drinking coffee because she is a woman. It is entailment
it is a contradiction to say two men dance together in the middle.  The inference is that the woman in yellow skirt is dancing with the man in white
she is dancing with a man next to another couple dancing. Premise is entailment to say a woman dances with a man next to
it is not a statement about the team itself.  The statement is true because it is a fact that the team has many fans. The statement is false because it is a
it is not a statement about the 49ers. It is a statement about the 49ers' rivals.  The inference is that the 49ers are ready to play their rivals.
the 49ers football team is playing in the Super Bowl.  The inference is that the 49ers football team is playing in the Super Bowl. The inference is that the 49ers
he is in an army uniform. Premise is entailment to say a man in an army uniform is meeting someone because he is meeting someone. Premise is entailment to say a man in an army uniform is
it is not clear whether the man is a soldier or a civilian.  Now, let's say the man is a soldier. Then the inference is that the man is meeting a foreign
the man in the navy uniform is not in the army.  The inference is that the man in the army uniform is meeting his wife.  The inference is that the man in the navy uniform is meeting
he is holding a tool. Premise is entailment to say a person is holding a tool because he is holding a tool. Premise
he is holding a hammer and a nail in his hands.  The inference is that the young man is a carpenter
he is holding a hammer in his hand.  The inference engine will try to find a pattern in the data. It will try to find
the person is dead. The inference is that the person under the blanket is dead because the person is dead.  The inference is that
they are wearing blue gloves.  The inference is that the person is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket because the firefighters
they are wearing blue gloves.  The inference is that the person is dead. The inference is not that the person is dead because they
he was taking pictures of nature. It is also neutral to say he was taking pictures of nature because he was taking pictures of nature.  The inference is that he was
he was outside.  The inference is that the man was outside.  The inference is that the man was outside.  The inference is that the man was
he is happy. Premise is entailment to say a guy is wearing sunglasses because he is happy because he is young. Premise is entailment to say a guy is wearing sunglasses because he is happy because he is young because he is smiling
it is not a statement about the man's character. But it is a statement about the concert.  Premise is a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling. It is neutral to say a man wearing glasses in smiling at a
he is smiling.  The inference is that the boy is taking an exam because he is smiling.  The inference is that the boy is taking an exam because he is smiling.  The inference is that the boy is taking an
they are indian.  Premise is indian men selling food items on the sidewalk. It is entailment to say men are selling food on the sidewalk because they are indian.  Premise is ind
men are selling food on the sidewalk.  The inference is that men are selling food on the sidewalk.  The inference is that men are buying food on the sidewalk.  The inference is that men are selling food
it is not a statement about men in general. It is a statement about indian men selling hotdogs on the sidewalk.  Now, if you say "hotdog seller" you are saying that all indian men
it is true. It is also true that people are watching the flowers blossom because they are sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.  Now, suppose we want to say that people are watching the flowers bl
they are sitting on chairs.  The inference is that people are sitting on chairs.  The inference is that people are sitting on chairs.  The inference is that people are sitting on chairs.  The inference
they are sitting in chairs. Premise is people are sitting in chairs because they are sitting in chairs. Premise is people are sitting in chairs because they are sitting in chairs. Premise is people are sitting in chairs because they
it is entailment to say three men are doing a musical set with
they were holding guitars.  The inference is that the three men were telling jokes on stage to entertain the crowd.
they are all musicians.  The inference is that the three men are musicians because they are holding guitars.  The inference is that the three
it is entailment to say a man walks with a cow. Premise is a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk. It is entailment to say a man walks with his cow because it is entailment to
he walks with a cow. Premise is a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk. Conclusion is a man chases his dog because he walks with a cow. Premise is a man walks with a cow down a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the cow. The man is not the cow. The man is not the milk. The man is not the milk. The man is not the
he is wearing aerodynamic gear.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction.  The inference engine is trained
he is wearing aerodynamic gear. Premise is entailment to say the man is riding outside because he is wearing aerodynamic gear. Premise is entailment to say the man is riding outside because
he is going to the store.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and the conclusion and tries to find a contradiction. If it finds one, it says the conclusion
they are holding guns. Premise is soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building. It is entailment to say soldiers are packing heat near a building because they are holding guns. Premise is soldiers are holding
they are not holding guns in a large featureless desert.  The inference engine is trained on a large corpus of text. It learns to recognize the words "gun" and "peeking" and "
it is not a statement about the building. It is a statement about the soldiers.  Premise is soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building. It is neutral to say soldiers are
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say there are people waiting for a firefight.  The inference is that there are people waiting for a firefight.
there are no cars.  The inference is that there are people avoiding traffic because there are no cars.  The inference is that there are people avoiding traffic because there are
there are three men in soldier dress and helmets. Premise is three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building. It is entailment to say there are people standing outside because there are
they're holding guns.  The inference is that soldiers are on guard because they're holding guns.  The inference is that soldiers are on guard
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say soldiers are being told to guard a building because they are being told to guard a building.  Now, let's say we have a
he is watching someone. Premise is a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper. Premise is entailment to say a person watches someone because he is watching someone. Premise is a man
a woman cannot watch as a man reads a paper.  The inference is that the woman is reading a paper.  The inference is that the woman is reading a paper. Premise is
it is not a statement about the boss. It is a statement about the employee. The boss is not watching the employee read the memo. The boss is watching the employee.  The inference is
she is enjoying the sunset. It is not neutral to say a woman enjoying a florida beach because she is enjoying the sunset.  The first sentence is a statement of
she is cold.  The inference is that the woman is cold because she is looking out over the water.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping because she is looking out
it is not a gender specific statement. The inference is that she is looking out over the water at the setting sun.  The inference is that she is looking out over the water at the setting sun
he is standing in the doorway. Premise is a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home. It is entailment to say a man is standing in the doorway because he is standing in the doorway.
he is standing in the doorway.  The inference is that the man is sitting at the table.  The inference is that the man is sitting at the table.  The inference is that the man is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the home.  The inference is that the man is looking out onto his front lawn.  The
he is shirtless and has a mustache. Premise is entailment to say the man watches the other clean a fish because he is shirt
he is hungry. It is also neutral to say the man is cleaning the fish because he is preparing it for a
the man in the orange shirt is washing dishes.  The inference is that the man in the white and gray shirt is the
they are not looking at porn. Premise is a contradiction to say a couple looks at porn because they are looking at porn. Premise is a contradiction to say a couple looks at porn because they are looking at porn
it is not a statement about the man or woman. It is a statement about the couple.  Premise is a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag. It is neutral to say the couple
it is entailment to say a man is tattooed. It is entailment to say a man is tattooed because it is entailment to say a man is posing with a woman. It is entailment
they are riding horses. Premise is two women, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the horses.  Now, let's say
women are not allowed to ride horses.  The inference is that the woman wearing the blue striped shirt is the one riding the horse.
they are wearing cool-weather clothing is standing in front of a statue of an animal.  Now, we can't prove that premise is true
it is not a statue of an animal.  The inference is that the people are standing in front of a statue of an animal.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the wind. It is a statement about the people.  Now, let's say we want to say
it is not a plane flying overhead.  The inference is that the plane is flying overhead.  The inference is that the plane is flying
the military men stand at attention and the flag blows in the wind. Premise is entailment to say a plane flies in the sky because
a plane flies overhead. Premise is a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady
the balloon is red. Premise is someone with
he is trying to pop a balloon. The inference is that he is trying to pop the balloon
he is not pointing the pole at the balloon.  The inference is that the boy is pointing the pole at the
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  The inference is that the man is dancing with a woman in a white egyptian costume.  The inference is that
a man dances with a woman in costume. Premise is entailment to say a man dances with a woman in costume because a man dances with a woman in costume. Premise is entailment to
it is not a man and a woman. But it is not neutral to say a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume because it is not neutral to say a man dances with a woman.
he pitches the ball. Premise is the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball. It is entailment to say the pitcher throws the ball because he pitches the ball. Premise is the pitcher is pitching the
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion based on the premise.  Premise is the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.  Conclusion is the pitcher wants
he is not playing baseball.  Premise: The boy plays basketball. Premise: The boy is not playing baseball. Conclusion: The boy plays basketball.  Premise: The boy plays basketball. Prem
it is chasing a ball. Premise is entailment to say a dog is chasing a ball because it is chasing a tan dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog is chasing a tan dog because it is
it is not a premise that the dog is at the park with the owner. It is a premise that the dog is chasing the soccer ball.  Premise is a tan dog chases a black
a dog is chasing after a soccer ball.  The inference is that the tan dog chases the black and white soccer ball.  The inference is that the tan dog chases the black and white soccer ball
it is not specific to men or boys.  The inference is that men and boys are playing frisbee.  The inference is that men and boys are
they are playing frisbee outdoors. Premise is some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area. It is entailment to say people play frisbee
football is played by a group of people.  The inference is that the men and boys are playing football.  The inference is that the men and boys are playing football.  The
they are wearing life vests. The inference is that they are on their way to a rescue because they are wearing life vests.  The inference is that they are on their way
they are wearing life vests.  The inference is that the men are fighting a fire because they are wearing life vests.  The inference is that the men are fighting a fire because they
they are wearing life vests. Premise is men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat. It is entailment to say the men are outside because they are wearing life v
he is asian. It is not neutral to say the musician singing the song is asian because he is a musician singing a song.  The same goes
he is playing guitar and harmonica.  Premise is a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with 'whatever it takes' written on his guitar. It
he is playing the guitar.  Premise is a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with 'whatever it takes' written on his guitar. It is
it is running with it's owner. It is also neutral to say the white dog is running without it's owner because it is running without it's owner.  Now, let's say we have a black
it is running through the water. Premise is a white dog is running through the water at a beach. It is entailment to say the white dog is at a beach because it is running through the water.
it is not running.  The inference is that the white dog is running.  The inference is that the white dog is running because it is sitting on the sand.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about the stick. The dog is not a stick. The dog is a dog. The dog is not a stick. The dog is a dog
it is entailment to say a dog is pale colored. Premise is a pale colored dog runs through a body of water. It is entailment to say a dog runs through some water because it is entailment to say
a dog cannot run through a field.  The inference is that the dog runs through a body of water. The inference is that the dog runs through a body of water because it is a pale colored dog.  The
she is crosscountry skiing. Premise is a girl crosscountry skis. It is contradiction to say a girl is strolling down the park because she is crosscountry skiing. Premise is a girl crosscountry skis. It is
she is crosscountry skiing. Premise is entailment to say a girl has on skis because she is crosscountry skiing. Premise is entailment to say a girl has on skis because she is crosscountry skiing. Premise is
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the cap.  Premise is a girl crosscountry skis. It is neutral to say a girl is wearing a cap because it is not a statement about the girl.
she is wearing gloves.  The inference is that the lady is asleep because she is wearing gloves.  The inference is that the lady is asleep because she is wearing gloves.  The inference is
she wears gloves. Premise is entailment to say a ponytail cooks because people stand and watch. Premise is entailment to say a lady cooks because she wears gloves. Premise is entailment to
it is not a fact. It is a fact that she wears gloves and cooks meat. It is also a fact that she cooks meat. So, we can infer that she cooks meat because she wears gloves.
the dentist office is a single person.  The inference is that the person is walking in front of the building.  The inference is that the person is sitting at the dentist office waiting
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand.  Premise is a lone person is walking in front of a white building. It is
it is a premise that is true. It is entailment to say a single human is outside in front of a building because it is a premise that is true. Premise is a lone person is
she is near the boy. Premise is a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum. It is entailment to say the girl is near an instrument because she is
it is not a statement about the girl. But if we say the boy is wearing shorts, we are making a statement about the girl.  The same is true for the word "is". If we
the girl is standing next to him.  The inference is that the boy is alone in the bathtub on the moon.  The inference is that the boy is alone
they are loaded onto a truck.  The inference is that the pretzels are loaded onto the truck because they are not poisonous.  The inference is that the pretzels are loaded
it is not a statement about the pretzels themselves. It is a statement about the pretzels' state.  The statement "there is salt on the pretzels
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the concert.  Now, suppose we have a sentence that says "The woman is playing the violin." This sentence is a statement about the woman herself.
she is red-haired. Premise is entailment to say a woman is playing an instrument because she is playing a violin. Premise is entailment to say a woman is playing an instrument because she is playing a violin. Prem
it is a contradiction to say a woman holds a violin. Premise is a red-haired woman playing the violin. It is contradiction to say a woman holds a broken violin because it is a contradiction to say a woman holds a violin.
they are not sleeping.  The inference is that the tan dog is sleeping with the white dog.  The inference is that the tan dog is sleeping with the white dog.  The inference is that the
they are tan and white.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The
he is a man.  Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into
the man is eating a hamburger.  The inference is that the man is eating a pink marshmallow chick.
she is a woman.  The inference is that the guy in glasses is a woman.  The inference is that the guy in glasses is
he is wearing glasses and biting into a pink marshmallow chick.  Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick
he is biting into a pink marshmallow chick. Premise is entailment to say a guy bites into a freshly opened marshmallow chick
the guy is biting into a marshmallow.  Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marsh
the cat is looking at
it is not a statement about the man or the cat. It is a statement about the cat
she is a lady. Premise is entailment to say a lady in a swimsuit checking things out because she is checking things out. Premise is entailment to say a lady in a
she is not playing piano. Premise is false.  Premise is false.  Premise is false.  Premise is false.  Premise is false.  Premise is
it is not a statement about her gender. But it is not neutral to say a lady shopping because it is a statement about her gender.  The inference is that she is shopping for a bikini.  The inference is
the man with short hair is not sitting on the grass.  The inference is that the man with short hair is not sitting on the
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man is sitting outdoors because he is sitting outdoors. Premise is entailment to say a man is sitting
he is old and the street performer is wearing makeup. The inference is that the man is confined to bed because he is old and the street performer is wearing makeup.  The inference is that the man is
it is not clear whether the man talks to his son or the monkey. The inference is that the man talks to his son the clown.  The inference is that the man talks to his son
the performer wears makeup and has a pet monkey. Premise is entailment to say the man talks to the performer because the performer wears makeup and has a pet monkey. Premise is entailment to say
they are both wearing helmets and clown makeup. Premise is a natural language inference. Prem
they are not waiting outside restaurant at night.  The inference is that the man in the polo shirt is the
they are both wearing the same thing.  The natural
it is not a statement about the relationship between mom and son. It is neutral to say a mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit because it is not a statement about
he is thirsty.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence structure and the context. It is trained to recognize the sentence structure and the context.  The inference engine
they are humans. It is entailment to say mom and little boy are enjoying the outside because they are mom and little boy. It is entailment to say mom and little boy are enjoying the outside because they are enjoying the
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt. It is neutral to say a car does a burnout in front of
it is a race car. Premise is a race car. Premise is a burnout. Premise is a dirty race car. Premise is entailment. Premise is a dirty race car. Prem
it is not a car. Premise is a car that has no tires because it is not a car. Premise is a car that has no tires because it is not a car. Premise is a car that
he is wearing a swimsuit.  Premise is a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch. It is contradiction to say a
he holds a tree branch. Premise is a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch. Premise is entailment to say a young man
it is neutral to say a man cuts a tree. The inference is that the man is trimming a tree.  The inference is that the man is trimming a tree because the
he is playing an acoustic guitar. It is also neutral to say the man is playing an acoustic guitar because he is a man with a beard.  Now, let's say we have a man
she is not a man.  Premise is a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street. It is contradiction to say a woman flashes bystanders because she is not a man.  Premise
he has a beard.  Premise is a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street. It is entailment to say a man plays guitar outside because he has a beard.
they are wearing cleats.  Premise is players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astrotur
they are wearing colorful cleats.  Premise is players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an
they are wearing colorful cleats.  Premise is players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astrotur
he is not eating meat.  Premise is a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill. It is contradiction to say a man is eating his tv dinner because he is
she is wearing a white apron. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a white apron because she is preparing meat. Premise is entailment to say a woman is preparing meat because
she is wearing a white apron.  The inference is that she is beginning to cook because she is wearing a white apron.  The inference is that she is beginning to cook because she
they are playing catch. But it is not neutral to say they are playing fetch because they are playing fetch. The dogs are playing fetch because they are playing fetch.  The inference is that the dogs
the dog is high in the air.  The inference is that the dog is lying on the bed.  The inference is that the dog is lying on the bed.  The
they are playing on the grass. Premise is two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass. It is entailment to say the animals are outside because they are playing
she is a girl. Premise is entailment to say a girl lying on the ground on her cellphone because she is a girl. Premise is entailment to say a girl lying on the ground on her cellphone
it is not specific to the girl. It is specific to the girl lying on the ground next to a dog.  The inference is that the girl is lying on the ground next to a dog
it is not possible.  The inference is that the girl is laying on the ground on her cellphone.  The inference is that the boy is standing on the ground on his cellphone.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say a man is renovating a room. Premise is a man is renovating a room. Premise is entailment to say a man is renovating a room. Premise is entailment to say a
he is renovating a room.  The inference is that the man is renovating a room.  The inference is that the man is renovating a room.  The inference is that the man is renovating a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the hammer.  The inference is that the man is renovating a room. The inference is not that the man is renovating a room because he is
they are both in a scarf. Premise is entailment to say a woman and a dog enjoy time together because they are both in a scarf. Premise is entailment to say a woman
a woman is not a cat.  Premise is a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog. It is contradiction to say a woman is scratched by a cat because a
she is happy. It is neutral to say a woman spends time with her brand new puppy because she is happy because she is a woman. It is neutral to say a woman spends time with her
somebody is standing. So we can say nobody is standing. But we can also say somebody is standing. So we can say nobody is standing. But we can also say somebody is standing. So
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the trees.  Premise is four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground
some humans standing implies some humans standing because some humans standing implies some humans standing because some humans standing implies some humans standing because some humans standing implies some humans standing because some humans standing implies some humans
he is performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.  The inference is that the young man is performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say a young man is performing a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area. Premise
it is entailment to say there is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area. Premise is young man
a man sitting down cannot build a tall building and eat a palm tree.  The inference
he is dark-skinned. Premise is entailment to say a man flips his skateboard on a
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man flips his skateboard on a
it is contradictory to say two girls are in a room with blue curtains.  The inference is that the girls are in a room with blue curtains.  The inference is
they are young girls. Premise is entailment to say two girls are decorating their christmas tree because they are hanging tinsel on it. Premise is entailment
they are hanging tinsel on a christmas tree. It is also neutral to say two girls are happy because they are hanging tinsel on a christmas tree.
she is riding her scooter.  The inference is that the daddy is alive because she is riding her scooter.  The inference is that the daddy is alive because she is riding her scooter.  The
she rode her scooter. It is entailment to say daddy taught her because she rode her scooter. It is entailment to say daddy taught her because she rode her scooter. It is entailment to say daddy taught
it is not a statement about him. It is a statement about the scooter.  Now let's say we have a sentence like this. "Daddy taught her how to ride her scooter." Now we have a statement about
it is entailment to say a boy riding down the street. Premise is entailment to say riding down the street because it is entailment to say a boy on a skateboard. Premise is entailment to
it is contradictory to say a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street.  Premise is a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street. It is contradiction to say a boy standing upright
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the house.  Premise is a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street. It is neutral
he is a graduate.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine can
she is not wearing a graduation cap.  The inference is that the man is at a graduation party and the woman is at a party.
he is wearing strange clothing.  The inference is that the man is being stared at because he is wearing a graduation cap, a suit,
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact that someone told a joke.  The inference is that the person who told the joke is sitting on the stairs.  The inference is that the person who told the joke is sitting on
there are three people sitting on the stairs.  Premise is three people sitting on some stairs laughing. It is entailment to say there are three people because there are three people sitting on the stairs.  Premise is three people sitting
they are not sitting on the stairs.  The inference is that the dogs are laughing because they are sitting on the stairs.  The inference is that the dogs are laughing because they are sitting on the stairs.  The inference is that the
it is not specific to any particular group. It is specific to a group of girls who are chatting and laughing on the stairwell.  The inference is that the girls are having fun because they are chatting and laughing on the
they are laughing.  The inference is that girls are having a good time.  The inference is that girls are having a good time because they are laughing.  The inference is that girls are having a good time
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the environment.  The inference is that the girls are at school because they are girls.  The inference is that the girls are at school because they are girls
it is not a statement about the workers. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the workers are waiting on the docks because they are waiting on the docks.  The inference is that the workers are waiting
they are standing around.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentence: Shipyard workers are unloading the ships.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentence: Shipyard workers are standing around.
it is not a statement about the workers. It is a statement about the docks. It is a statement about the docks because it is a statement about the workers. It is a statement about the workers because it is a statement about the docks
they are wearing a helmet.  Premise is a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees
the man is holding a carrot.  The inference engine is able to infer the following:  Premise: Skateboarder is getting ready to
he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment to say a skateboarder wears a helmet because he is about to
a kid on a bike is not pointing a finger.  The inference is that the lady is pointing a finger.  The inference is that the lady is pointing a finger.  The inference is
she wears a straw hat and gold hoop earrings. Premise is a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger. It is entailment to say a lady points because she wears a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the man.  The inference is that the woman is pointing at the man she is talking about.
they are blooming. It is also neutral to say the woman is walking beside the park because she is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat.
trees are part of the park.  The inference is that the woman is walking beside a park with trees.  The inference is that the woman is
she is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat.  Premise is a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park
it is entailment to say there is a boy playing an instrument. It is entailment to say there is a boy playing an instrument because it is entailment to say there
there is no man watching others play instruments.  The inference is that the man is watching the boy play the instrument. The inference is not that the man is watching the
it is not necessary to say that the man is playing a guitar. It is necessary to say that the man is playing a guitar because it is necessary to say that the man
she was afraid of the train.  The inference engine will take the premise and find the contradiction. It will then find the contradiction and find the contradiction and find the contradiction and find the contradiction and find the
it is a bridge. Premise is a person crossing a bridge with train tracks. It is entailment to say the bridge had train tracks across it because it is a bridge. Premise is a person crossing a bridge with train
they were crossing the bridge.  Premise is a person crossing a bridge with train tracks. It is contradiction to say a person jumped off the side of the bridge because they were crossing the bridge.  Premise
they are not the same person.  The inference is that the man in black is jonny cash.
it is not clear whether the man in blue is planning on robbing the man in black or not.  The inference is
the man in the black suit is standing next to the man in the blue outfit.  Premise is a man in
they are hiking up a green mountainside. It is entailment to say some people are hiking up a green mountainside because they are exercising outside. It is entailment to say some people are hiking up a
it is true or false. It is true if there are three people and one dog. It is false if there are two people and two dogs. It is false if there are three people and two dogs.
they are eating. It is contradiction to say people are eating because they are having a picnic. It is contradiction to say people are having a picnic because they are eating. It is contradiction to say people are eating because
the dog is walking along the beach.  The inference is that the dog is walking along the beach because the hikers are walking along the hillside.  The inference is that the dog is walking along
it is not a statement about the hikers. It is a statement about the woods.  Now, the question is, what is the probability that the hikers are hiking through the woods?  The answer
they are walking. It is entailment to say they are walking because they are outside. It is entailment to say they are outside because they are walking. It is entailment to say they are walking because they are
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the concert.  Now, let's say that the men are preparing for a concert to
she is the former first lady. The inference is that she is at the podium because she is the former first lady. The inference is that
she is the first lady. The inference is that she is the first lady because she stands in front of a conference. Premise is laura bush
laura bush is not driving a jet-ski near the washington monument.  The inference is that laura bush is
she is the first lady. But it is not neutral to say laura bush is addressing a heated issue because she is the first lady. The first
he is not a lady.  The inference is that george bush is not a lady.  The inference is that
she is the first lady. But it is not neutral to say laura bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy
they are standing in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp.  Premise is two men stand in hula grass skirts
they are standing in hula grass skirts.  The inference is that the two men are wearing jogging clothes because they are standing in hula grass skirts
they are standing in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp.  Now, let's say we have a sentence
it is in new york.  The reason is that times square is in new york. It is not in california because it is in new york.  The reason is that times square is in new york
it is true. It is false to say times square is packed because it is false. It is false to say times square is packed because it is false. It is false to say times square is packed because it is true. It is false to say times
it is in new york.  Premise is times square in new york. It is entailment to say times square is a place because it is in new york.  Premise is times square in new york.
she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman drives a bulldozer because she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman drives a bulldozer because she is a woman.  The
it is not a statement about the individuals in the group. It is a statement about the group.  The inference is that the group is waiting for concert tickets.  The inference is that the group
it is entailment to say a group of people are waiting in a line.  Premise is a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime. It is entailment to say a
he is paddling with a paddle. The kayaker is steering the kayak. The kayak is steering the ocean. The ocean is
he is holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.  Premise is entailment to say a man surfing
a cow is a female animal.  The inference is that the man is milking a female animal.  The inference is that the man is
it is entailment to say toy with men.  Premise is two men and a frisbee. It is entailment to say two men with a toy because it is entailment to say toy with men.  Premise
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the frisbee.  Premise is two men and a frisbee. It is neutral to say two men playing with a frisbee because it
basketball is not a frisbee.  The inference is that basketball is not a frisbee.  The inference is that basketball is not a frisbee.  The inference is that basketball is not a frisbee
she is wearing a bathing suit.  Premise is a boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water. It is contradiction to say the young girl gets into the water with her
it is not a statement about the boy's identity. It is a statement about the boy's behavior.  Premise is a boy in swimming trunks w
he is kayaking.  Premise is a man is kayaking in rough waters. It is contradiction to say ther isn't any water around the man because he is kayaking.  Premise is a man is
he is kayaking. Premise is a man is kayaking in rough waters. It is entailment to say the man is in a boat because he is kayaking in rough waters. Premise is a man is kayaking in
it's a neutral statement. It's not a statement about the man in the red jacket.  Now, let's say we want to say that
he is not wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants.  The inference is that the man is wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants.  The inference is that the man
he is wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants. Premise is entailment to say a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow. Prem
it is impossible to have a truck without motion. So we can say that the truck is moving.  Now we can say that the truck is moving because it is carrying people and cargo. But we
it is carrying people and cargo. Premise is entailment to say a truck driving because it is blue. Premise is entailment to say a truck driving because it is driving on a desert road.
he is sitting in a chair. It is neutral to say a man is waiting for someone because he is sitting in a chair and holding up a
he is holding up a white plastic cup. Premise is entailment to say a man is sitting crisscross because he is holding
she is not sitting.  The inference is that the man is sitting because he is not walking.  The inference is that the woman is walking
she is wearing jeans, gray shirt and sandals. But it is not neutral to say she is contemplating buying a new outfit because she is wearing jeans
the girl is watching it float.  The inference is that the girl is watching the ball float in midair.  The inference is that the girl
the woman is wearing jeans. Premise is entailment to say the woman is wearing jeans because the girl is watching a white ball float in midair. Premise
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that military personnel are shopping. It is a statement of fact that military personnel are shopping in the mall. It is a statement of fact that military personnel are shopping in
it is not a statement about the military personnel. It is a statement about the groceries.  The inference is that military personnel are buying groceries because they are military personnel.  The inference is that military personnel are buying groceries because they are buying groceries.
they are shopping.  The inference is that military personnel are shopping.  The inference is that military personnel are training.  The inference is that military personnel are shopping.  The inference is that military personnel are training.  The inference
the dogs are chasing a dog toy.  The inference is that the dogs are chasing a rabbit because they are chasing a dog toy.  The inference is that the dogs are chasing a rabbit because they are chasing a
one is carrying an orange dog toy. Premise is two dogs are running because one is carrying an orange dog toy. Premise is two dogs are running because one is carrying an orange dog toy. Premise is two dogs are
they are both black labs. However, it is not neutral to say both dogs are female because one is carrying an orange dog toy.  The inference is that the dog carrying the orange dog toy is female.  The inference
it is not clear whether he is talking to his friend or his wife. The inference is that he is talking to his friend.  The inference is not that he is talking to his
he is smoking.  The inference is that the man is jogging because he is talking on a cellphone while smoking.  The inference is that the man is jogging because he is talking on a cellphone
the man is smoking. Premise is entailment to say the man is talking because he is wearing a suit. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a suit because he is black. Premise
the woman wears black capri pants.  The inference engine is able to infer that the woman wears black capri pants because the clock wears
the woman walks in front of it twice a day. Premise is a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of
it is noon. Premise is a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock. It is not neutral to say it is noon because it
one is wearing a skirt.  Premise is several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. It is contradiction to say several people are naked because one is wearing a skirt.
there are people wearing scrubs. Premise is there are people wearing scrubs because there are people wearing scrubs. Premise is there are people wearing scrubs because there are people wearing scrubs
it is a fact. The inference is that the people in blue scrubs are doctors. The inference is that the person in the skirt and black blouse is a nurse. The inference is that the person
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  The hypothesis is that the chef is near the food truck. The hypothesis is true if the chef is near the food truck. The hypothesis
a chef is in a kitchen.  The inference is that a chef is near a kitchen.  The inference is that a chef is near a kitchen because a chef is in a kitchen.
he is a chef.  The inference is that the chef is still working at the restaurant.  The inference is that the chef is still working at the
it is not a statement about the woman's race.  The child is a child of a woman who is wearing a hat.  The child is a child of a
it is a contradiction to say a child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.  The child is a child because it is a child. The woman is a woman because she
they are both wearing hats.  Premise is a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat. It is entailment to say a child and
he is sweeping. Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. It is entailment to say the man is sweeping dirt because he is sweeping. Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. It is entailment
the man is sweeping with a red broom.  The inference is that the man is sweeping with a red broom.  The inference is that the man is sweeping with a red broom.  The inference is that the man
he is sweeping. Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. Premise is the man is sweeping with a
it is a bull. It is also neutral to say the matador will feel sorry for the bull because it is a bull. It is also neutral to say the matador
matador is wearing white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by the bull. But it is not neutral to say the bull is attacking the matador
it is a neutral statement. But if you say the matador is going to get stomped to pieces, you are making a prediction. You are saying that
it is not a statement about her current occupation.  The sentence is ambiguous because it could mean that she is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman fixes a display shelf because she is fixing a display shelf. Premise is entailment to say a woman fixes a display shelf because she
she is a woman. Premise is a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf. It is contradiction to say a woman buys a ticket at a movie theater because she
they are standing on stage. It is entailment to say men are standing on stage because they are performing. It is entailment to say men are upright on a stage because they are performing because they are standing on stage. It is entail
it is neutral. It is not sexist to say men are putting on a play in a theater because it is neutral.  Now, if you say men are putting on a play in a theater, you are saying men
women are not playing trumpets on the street.  The inference is that women are not playing trumpets on the street.  The inference is that women are not playing trumpets on the street.  The inference is
they are wearing black t-shirts and loud tunics.  Premise is two adult men in black t-shirt and
it is not a statement about the nature of the celebration. It is a statement about the nature of the brothers.  Now,
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the coconut.  The same
it is entailment to say a man in a knitted cap and green shirt sitting next to a stump. Premise is entailment to say
he is thirsty is not drinking coconut water.  The inference is that the man is drinking coconut water because he is thirsty.  The inference is that the
they are sick. It is entailment to say someone is sick because they are at the doctor. It is entailment to say someone is sick because they are at the doctor. It is entailment to say someone is sick because
he is sick. It is also neutral to say a man is at the doctor because he is sick. The second sentence is a natural language inference. It is a conclusion that can be drawn from the first sentence. The inference is
he is awake.  The inference is that the patient is sleeping because he is awake.  The inference is that the patient is awake because he is sleeping.  The inference is that the patient is sleeping because he is awake
she is not sitting at a table.  The inference is that the young lady is sitting at a table.  The inference is that the young lady is sitting at a table.  The inference
she is a lady. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a
she is eating. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table. It is neutral to say a young woman is smiling and
he is reading a book.  Premise is a boy wearing jean shorts, and
he is reading a book.  The inference is that the boy is reading a book because
it is a fact that he is reading a mystery book. However, it is not neutral to
there are a lot of people standing near each other. Premise is a large crowd of people talking to each other. It is entailment to say there is a lot of people standing near each other because there
it is contradictory to say a large crowd of dogs are at the park.  The inference is that the crowd of dogs is large because it is contradictory to say a large crowd of dogs are at the park.
they do. The crowd is not aware of the language they speak.  The crowd is not aware of the language they speak.  Premise is a large crowd of people talking to each other. It is neutral to
he is in a skate park. Premise is in a chain link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.wit. It is entailment to say a person is skating
he is sitting on the ground.  The inference is that the skater is sitting on the ground.  The inference is that the skater is sitting on the ground
they are walking down the street.  The inference is that the elderly people are walking down the street because they are swimming in the pool.  The inference is that the elderly people are swimming in the pool because they are walking
they are crossing the crosswalk. It is also neutral to say the elderly people are crossing the crosswalk because they are crossing the crosswalk.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says the elderly people are crossing
it is not a fact that they are going to a restaurant. It is a fact that they are walking down the street.  Now, let's say we want to infer that they are going to a restaurant. We can do
it is not a statement about the woman herself.  The inference is that the woman is looking at a billboard because she is older. The inference is that
they are walking towards her. Premise is entailment to say 4 older women are walking because they are older women. Premise is entailment to say 4 older women are walking because they are
the premise is that there are three older women walking towards her.  The inference is that there are three older women walking towards her.  The inference is that there are
he is sitting with his head down on his arm.  The inference is that the man is sitting with his head down on his arm because he is running a marathon
he has toilet paper and cellphone. Premise is a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him. It
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the toilet.  Premise is a man sitting with his head down on his arm
he is hungry.  The inference is a natural language inference. Premise is a homeless man carries a sign that says 'hungry'. It is entailment to say the man does not have a home because
he is homeless.  The inference is that the man is living in a mansion.  The inference is that the man is living in a mansion.  The inference is that the man is living in a
people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk through a courtyard.  Premise is people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the tradition.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a
clowns are not traditionally japanese.  The inference is that clowns are not traditionally japanese because they are not dressed traditionally
she is scared of spiders.  The inference is that the little girl is scared of spiders.  The inference is that the little girl is scared of spiders.  The inference is that the little
it is neutral to say a young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face.  Premise is a man shows off his spider-web face paint.
it is entailment to say a person shows some people his face painting.  Premise is a man shows off his spider-web face paint. It is entailment to say a person shows some people his
spiders are painted on his face.  Premise is man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face. It is contradiction to say the man has nothing on his face because spiders are painted on his face.
he has a spider web.  Premise is man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face. It is entailment to say the man has his face painted because he has a spider web.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the spiders.  Now, let's say the man has his face painted for a halloween event. It is
he is waiting for train. Premise is man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign. It is entailment to say a man sitting with a sign because he is waiting for train.
he is tired or he is waiting for someone.  The second sentence is man sitting on bench with suitcase in front of paddington sign. It is neutral to say a man taking a break because he is tired or
he is sitting on bench.  The inference is that man is sitting on bench.  The inference is that man is laying down because he is sitting on bench.  The inference is that man is sitting on
he is not wearing green pajamas.  The inference is that the boy in green pajamas is playing with his toy.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the pajamas.  Now, let's say we want to say that the boy
his mother sits on the couch and watches him.  Premise is boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and
the boy is wearing pajamas. The inference is that the boy is asleep because the woman is watching television.
it is not a statement about the woman's relationship to the boy. The inference is that the boy is holding the toy because
he is wearing pajamas. Premise is entailment to say the young boy is wearing pajamas because he is holding a
she is smiling.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth of the statement. It will try to find the most probable answer.  The inference engine will try to find the most probable answer.
the photo is being taken of a man and a baby girl. Premise is a man and a baby girl posing for photo. It is entailment to say a photo is being taken of a
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's relationship with his daughter.  Premise is a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo. It is neutral
they are practicing and relaxing.  The inference is that sports team members are practicing and relaxing on a basketball court.  The inference is that sports team members are practicing and relaxing on a basketball court.  The inference
they are practicing. It is entailment to say team members of a sport is practicing because they are relaxing. It is entailment to say team members of a sport is relaxing because they are practicing. It is
it is not a statement about the team members. It is a statement about the crowd.  The inference is that team members were practicing on a basketball court while large crowd watched.  The
it is neutral to say some people are attending an outdoor book sale.  Premise is pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree. It is
some women are not wrapping gifts.  The inference is that some women are wrapping gifts.  The inference is that some women are wrapping gifts.  The inference is that some women are wrapping
it is neutral to say people are standing. It is neutral to say people are gazing at a display of books because it is neutral to say people are gazing. It is neutral to say people are standing
the car is not a brick building.  The inference is that the brick building is a mural painted on the side of a brick building.  The inference is that the brick
they are walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side. Premise is two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side.
they are walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside. Premise is two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side. It is
a vendor is not a customer.  The inference is that the vendor is not a customer.  The inference is that the vendor is not a customer.  The inference is that the vendor is not a customer
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance. It is entailment to say a vendor stares into space because it is a natural language inference. Premise is a
it is neutral to say a man vendor gazes into the distance. But it is not neutral to say a woman vendor gazes into the distance because it is not neutral to say a man vendor gazes into the
the man is wearing a bandanna and girl.  Premise is an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl. It is entailment to say the ambulance isn't stopped by heavy
he is not wearing a bandana.  The inference is that the man in the bandana is running after the ambulance.  The inference is that the man in the bandana is
it is a fact. The ambulance is passing the man wearing a bandanna and girl. It is neutral to say the ambulance has its sirens on because it is a fact. The ambulance is passing the man wearing
it is entailment to say a boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building. Premise is entailment to say a boy runs across a
he is not in the building.  The inference is that the boy is in the building.  The inference is that the boy is in the building.  The inference is that
he is running infront of a building. Premise is entailment to say a boy is running infront of a building because he is running infront of a building.
they are inside.  The inference is that boys are playing outside because they are inside.  The inference is that boys are playing outside because they are inside.  The inference is that boys are playing outside because they are
they are in a room. It is entailment to say children are boys because they are in a room. It is entailment to say children are in a library because they are in a room. It is entailment to say children
they are in a place of learning.  Premise is boys are in a place of learning because they are in a place of learning.  Premise is boys are in a place of learning because they
she is in the lead. But it is not neutral to say galina is winning the race because
there are 3 women running.  Premise is 3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in
galina is running. Premise is 3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background,
he was painting the dog.  The inference is that the man holding the painting was painting the dog.  The inference is that the man holding the
he is holding the painting. It is not neutral to say the man is making sure he painted the dog correctly because he is holding
the man holding the picture of the small dog is painting a small dog in near life
he is a gentleman.  Premise is entailment to say a gentleman with no chest hair, wrangles his
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the magic tricks.  Premise is a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm
he is a contortionist. It is entailment to say a contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat
a woman cannot walk.  The inference is that the man is a man.  The inference is that the man is a man because the man walks along with a can of soda
a person walks along with a can of soda in his hand. Premise is a person walks along with a can of soda in his hand. It is entailment to say a person
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the soda can.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is sad because he is
it is entailment to say there are men in burgundy coats.  Premise is some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow. It is entail
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Now we can infer that they are pushing it off a cliff because they are men in burgundy coats. This is
it is a neutral statement.  Now we can use the inference engine to find the movie scene where this happens.  The inference engine will find
it is not a statement about the race itself. It is a statement about the pool.  Now, let's say we have a pool with two kids in it. We can infer that the pool is neutral because it is not a
they are swimming in a pool.  Premise is two children are swimming in a pool. It is entailment to say two children are wet because they are swimming in a pool.  Premise is two children are swimming in a pool
kids are swimming.  The inference is that kids are swimming.  The inference is that kids are riding bicycles.  The inference is that kids are riding bicycles.  The inference is that kids are riding bicycles.  The inference
they are women. Premise is women in costume stand on a stage. It is entailment to say the women are on stage because they are women. Premise is women in costume stand on a stage. It is entailment to say the
it is not a statement about the parade. It is a statement about the women.  The inference is that women are in a parade because they are in a parade. The inference is not that women are in a parade because they are women
it is not a statement about the play itself. It is a statement about the women performing the play.  Premise is women in costume stand on a stage. It is neutral to say the women are performing a play because it is not
he is old. It is entailment to say a man is making pottery to sell because he is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon. It is entailment to
she is trying to make a pottery.  Premise is the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon. It is contradiction to say a woman is soaking her feet because she
he is trying to make pottery. It is entailment to say a man is trying to make pottery because he is trying to market soon. It is entailment to say a man is trying to
he is holding a toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air. Premise is
he is having fun playing outdoors.  Now, let's say the boy is playing with
he is not sitting outside in a grassy field with his back
it is contradictory to say a man is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.  The inference is that the man in the red shirt is sitting on top of the rocky mountain.
it is entailment to say a man is sitting on top of a mountain. Premise is a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man sits atop a mountain because it is not a statement about the mountain. It is neutral to say a man sits atop a mountain
the boats are moored in the background.  The inference is that the young shirtless man and asian woman jumped up from the shallow rock
it is a fact. The inference is that the man is fishing and the woman is his wife.  The inference is not that the man is
it is not a statement about the man or woman. It is a statement about the bay.  Now,
the cyclist was riding near the ocean at sunset.  The inference is a natural language inference. Premise is bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an
he was riding the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end. It is also neutral to say he was happy because he was riding the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end. It is
the course is near the ocean.  The inference is that the cyclist was riding in the morning.  The inference is that the cyclist was riding in the morning.  The inference is
they are smiling.  Premise is a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture. It is entailment to say a crowd of people are taking a picture outside because they are smiling.
they are posing outdoors for a picture.  The inference is that the group of people are smiling because they are posing outdoors for a picture.  The inference is that the group of people are smiling because they are
it is not a statement about the people in the picture. However, it is a statement about the picture itself.  The inference is that the picture is a family photo because the group of people are
she is a woman. Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter. Premise is entailment to say a woman is taking a picture because she is a woman. Prem
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the woman.  The inference is that the woman is the girl's mom because the woman is taking a picture of the girl on a
she is not on a scooter.  The inference is that the girl is on a scooter.  The inference is that the girl is on a car because she is not on a scooter.
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the girl.  The inference is that the girl is a model because she is taking pictures of herself.  The inference is that the girl is a
a child cannot take pictures of an adult. Premise is a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl. It is contradiction to say a child is taking pictures of an adult because a child cannot take pictures of an
he is taking pictures of a girl. It is also neutral to say a photographer is working because he is taking pictures of a girl who is working.  Premise is a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl. It is
clothes are on.  Premise is a child stands in a shower with clothes on. It is contradiction to say a child is naked in the shower because clothes are on. Conclusion is a child is naked in the shower because
it is not necessary to specify that the child is standing in the shower. The child's clothes are full of mud in the shower is a statement of fact. The child's clothes are full of mud in the
it is entailment to say a child is in the shower. Premise is a child stands in a shower with clothes on. It is entailment to say a clothed child is in the shower because it is entailment to
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the event.  Premise is a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an at
he is not in the water. The inference is that the man is riding a jet ski in the water.  The inference is that the man is riding a jet
he is riding a four wheeler. The inference is that the man is entered in an event because he is riding a four wheeler.  Premise: A man is entered in
women cannot cool off under a waterfall.  The inference is that the predicate "women" is a synonym of "cool off".  The inference is that the predicate "women" is a synonym of "cool off".
it is entailment to say two men are cool off under a waterfall.  Premise is two men cool off under a waterfall. It is entailment to say two men are under a waterfall because it is entailment to say two
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the waterfall.  Premise is two men cool off under a waterfall. It is neutral to say two brothers are under a waterfall because it is not a statement about the
it is not necessary to know his profession. The man is a worker because he is wearing a white striped shirt and blue jeans. The man is wearing a white
the man is spraying water on the ground. Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the
it is not white.  The inference is that the man is spraying water on the ground of concrete ruins.  The inference is that the man is spraying
it is not a statement about the worker.  The inference is that the man is cleaning up after a fire. The inference is that the
a man is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field.  The inference is that the man in the white striped shirt and
he is wearing a white striped shirt and blue jeans.  Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water
they were riding bikes down the sidewalk.  Premise is a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk. It is contradiction to say the man and his son were watching a parade because they were riding bikes
it is entailment to say a man and his son were riding bikes down the sidewalk.  Premise is a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk. It is entailment
they were riding bikes. The inference is that the man and boy were in town because they were riding bikes.  The inference is not that the man and boy were riding bikes because they were in town. The inference
she is holding a pink purse. Premise is entailment to say the woman has a pink purse because she is holding a white shirt on. Premise is entailment to say the
she is wearing a white shirt and black pants. Premise is entailment to say the woman is holding a pink purse because she is wearing a white shirt and black pants. Premise is
it is not necessary to specify her age.  Premise is an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse. It is neutral to say the
they are working with their bikes. The inference is that the men are riding bikes.  The inference is that the men are riding bikes because they are working with their bikes.  The inference is that the men
it is not clear whether they are talking to each other or to their wives.  The inference is that the men are talking to their wives because they are talking
they were working with them. It is also neutral to say the men's bikes broke because they were working with them.  The first sentence is a fact. The second sentence is a fact. The third sentence is
it is entailment to say a moving walkway has a group of men riding on it. Premise is entailment to say a moving walkway has a group of men riding on it because
it is impossible to bake in a kitchen.  The inference is that the group of men are riding a moving walkway.  The inference is that the group of women are baking in a kitchen.
it is not a statement about any particular group of men. It is a statement about a group of men.  Now, if you say a group of men are riding a moving walkway
there are six men standing on the moving walkway.  Premise is six men in airport standing on moving walkway. It is entailment to say there is a group of people at the airport because there
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the airport.  The statement is true if and only if there are six men standing on the moving walkway.  The
it is not possible to sit on a moving walkway.  The inference is that six men are standing on a moving walkway.  The inference is that six men are standing on a moving walkway.
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the person's state of mind.  Now, let's say the person is looking
a person is playing football at the stadium.  The inference is that the person is playing football at the stadium.  The inference is that the person is playing football at the stadium.
the person is wearing a red jacket and a red hard hat. Premise is a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain. It is entailment to say a
they are working at computers. Premise is kids learn better with a teacher's help. Premise is kids learn better with a teacher's help. Premise is kids learn better with a teacher's help. Premise is kids learn better
they work at computers. It is entailment to say the kids work at computers because they are kids. It is entailment to say the kids work at computers because they are kids who work at computers. It is entailment
the teacher is the computer.  The teacher is the computer because the teacher is the teacher. The teacher is the teacher because the teacher is the teacher. The teacher is the teacher because the teacher is the teacher. The teacher
they are next to each other. It is entailment to say that the man in the orange shirt is showing the man in the black shirt something that he has for sale
it is neutral to say a retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear.  The inference is that the man in the black shirt is showing
he is being served a dish in a restaurant.  The inference is that the man in the orange shirt is being served a dish in a restaurant.
it is neutral to say a businessman walks by a closed cafe at
they are carrying a red bag.  Premise is a
the cafe is closed.
she is hungry.  The inference is that she is about to shoplift the plantains because she is hungry.  The inference is that she is about to shoplift the plantains because
she is behind fruit.  The inference is that she is holding bags behind plantains.  The inference is that she is holding bags behind plantains.  The inference is that she
she is holding bags behind plantains.  Premise is a woman holding bags behind plantains. It is contradiction to say the woman is holding old trashcans to carry various objecs because
he was chasing his dog down the street.  The inference engine is a computer program that can reason about the language. It can reason about the language in the same way
it is not a statement about the teams. It is a statement about the players.  Now, we can say that the team that was playing ball was the team that
it is entailment to say there are some players chasing a ball. It is entailment to say there are some players chasing a ball because it is entailment to say there
it is entailment to say a man is sitting on the floor. Premise is a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures. It is entailment to say a man is
it is entailment to say a man is sitting on the floor.  Premise is a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures. It is entailment to say a
a man is sitting on a floor.  The inference is that the man is sitting on a floor.  The inference is that the man is sitting on a floor. Premise is a man is sitting
she is a teacher. Premise is entailment to say a woman is checking out papers because she is a teacher because she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman is checking out
it is a neutral statement. But it is not neutral to say a woman in a brown dress is a teacher because it is a statement about the woman in the brown dress.  The inference is that
it is a contradiction to say a woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party. Premise is a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in
they are tired.  The teacher asks the students to raise their hands if they are tired. The teacher asks the students to raise their hands if they are taking naps. The teacher asks the students to raise their
they are women.  The inference is that the college class of mostly females watched a presentation because they are women. Premise is a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation. It is entailment
the class of mostly females is being shown a presentation. Premise is a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation. Premise is a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation. Premise is a
he is performing the breaststroke. It is neutral to say a swimmer is performing the breaststroke because he is winning. It is neutral to say a swimmer is performing the breaststroke because
he is performing the breaststroke. Premise is a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition. It is entailment to say a swimmer
he is not swimming.  The inference is that the swimmer is performing the breaststroke.  The inference is that the swimmer is performing the breaststroke.  The
she is not holding her son while walking down the street.  The inference is that the mother is holding her
she is a mother. It is neutral to say she is thinking about the past because she is a mother. It
she is gazing out a window. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entail
they are not walking on the sidewalk in the city.  The inference is that the group of people are walking on the sidewalk in the city.  The inference is that the group of people are walking on the sidewalk
they are in a room together. It is not neutral to say the band members are in tight quarters because they are in a room together.  Premise is band plays in tight quarters. It is neutral to say the four members
they are tight. It is entailment to say the band is tight because they play in tight quarters. It is entailment to say the band is tight because they play in tight quarters because they are tight. It is entailment to say the band is tight
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the woven walls.  The inference is that the women are multicolored because they are sitting near the woven walls.  The inference is that the women are
it is entailment to say three women sit together because it is entailment to say three women sit together because it is entailment to say three women sit together because it is entailment to say three women sit together because it is entailment to say
they are not women.  The inference is that the women are the bar tenders. The inference is that the women are the bar tenders. The inference is that the women are the bar tenders. The inference is
they are playing their instruments at a venue. Premise is entailment to say musicians are playing their instruments at a venue because they are playing their instruments at a venue. Premise is entailment to say musicians are playing their
it is not a statement about the band itself. It is a statement about the venue.  Premise is a band playing on stage in a club. It is neutral to say a rock band is playing at
the band is playing.  The inference is that the stage crew is cleaning the stage because the band is playing.  The inference is that the stage crew is cleaning the stage because the band is playing.  The inference
she is blond and white. Premise is entailment to say she performs because she is blond and white. Premise is entailment to say she performs because she is blond and white. Premise is entail
she is demonstrating her talents to a crowd. Premise is entailment to say the woman is a street performer because she is demonstrating her talents to a crowd. Premise is entailment to say the woman is
it is not a contradiction to say a blond woman dances for the crowd.  The inference is that the blond woman is a dancer.  The inference is that the blond woman is a dancer
giraffes are not mammals.  Premise is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch.
it is not a statement about the people watching. It is a statement about the people playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts.  Now let
it is entailment to say some people are watching.  Premise is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the astronaut's training.  Premise is a person in full astronaut suit and
he is training to be a scuba diver.  The inference is that the astronaut is training to be a scuba diver.  The inference is that the astronaut is training to
the astronaut is not an alien.  The astronaut is not an alien because he is not an alien.  The astronaut is not an alien because he is
of scaffolding is doing a job.  Premise is a worker is doing a job on scaffolding. It is entailment to say a human working because of scaffolding is doing a job.  Premise is a worker is
it is not specific to a person. It is specific to a person if you say a tall human is working.  The inference is that the tall human is doing a job on scaffolding.  The inference is that the tall human
there is scaffolding.  Premise is a worker is doing a job on scaffolding. It is contradiction to say nobody is working because there is scaffolding.  Premise is a worker is doing a job on scaffolding. It
he got it up there. Premise is a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock. It is entailment to say the guy is on a rock with a skateboard because he got
the rock is not a skateboard. The rock is a rock. The skateboard is a skateboard. The rock is not a skateboard. The rock is a rock. The skateboard is a skateboard.
the skateboarder is near a skateboard. Premise is entailment to say the skateboarder is near a rock because the skateboarder is near a skateboard. Premise is entailment to
a man is not eaten by a shark.  Premise is a man is steering his ship out at sea. It is contradiction to say a man is eaten by a shark because a man is not eaten by a shark.
he steers it. Premise is entailment to say a man steers his boat because he is steering it. Premise is entailment to say a man steers his boat because he is steering it because he is steering it
he is steering his ship out at sea. It is also neutral to say a man is steering his ship out at sea because he is sailing to cuba.  Now, suppose we have a man who is steering his ship
men don't take pictures of women at the beach.  The inference is that the woman taking the picture is the second woman.  The inference is that the woman taking the picture is
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the restaurant.  Now, let's say that the second woman is a lesbian. Then the statement becomes a
they are women. Premise is entailment to say women taking pictures of each other because they are women because they are taking pictures of each other. Premise is entailment to say women taking pictures
the man is wearing black pants. Premise is entailment to say the ledge is made of concrete because the man is wearing black pants. Premise is entailment to say the ledge is made
he is wearing black pants. It is also neutral to say the man may lose his balance because he is wearing rollerblades.  Now, let's say the man loses his balance because he is wearing
they are round.  Premise is a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades. It is contradiction to say the roller blade wheels are square because they are round.
they are wearing rugby shirts.  Premise: Players are playing rugby.  Premise entailment: Players are playing rugby because they are wearing rugby shirts.
basketball is a game of basketball.  Premise is a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair. It is
it is not a statement about the players or the game. It is a statement about the game.  Premise is a game of rugby in which 2
it is not true. Premise is dog running through the snow. It is true to say this is the first time the dog has seen snow because it is true. Premise is dog running through the snow. It is false to
it is not a dog.  The inference is that the dog is a dog.  The inference is that the dog is a dog.  The inference is that the dog is a dog.  The inference is that the dog is
it is running through the snow.  The inference is that the dog is swimming because it is running through the snow.  The inference is that the dog is swimming because it is running through the snow.  The inference is that the dog is swimming
she is sitting in a chair.  The inference
she is an elderly woman. Premise is
she is sitting in a chair. The inference is that
it is a holiday celebrated by people who wear kilts. It is not neutral to say people celebrate st paddys day because it is a holiday celebrated by people who wear kil
they throw long poles. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false
it is a cow.  The inference engine is trained on a large number of sentences containing the word "cow" and "moo". The inference engine is trained on a
it is a contradiction to say a man is dancing thru the field.  Premise is a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole. It is contradiction to say a man is dancing thru the field because
a person wearing a kilt threw a pole. Premise is a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole. It is entailment to say a person threw a pole because a person wearing a kilt threw a
he has thrown a pole. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a skirt because he has thrown a pole. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a skirt because he has thrown a
they are out in front of a building. It is entailment to say kids are sightseeing because they are kids. It is entailment to say kids are sightseeing because they are kids because they are out in front of a building
they are not in front of a building.  The inference is that kids are in front of a building because they are doing sightseeing.  The inference is that kids are in front of a building because they are doing
they are doing something. It is neutral to say the kids are sightseeing because they are doing something. It is neutral to say the kids are doing something because they are on a fieldtrip. It is neutral to say the
she is lying on her stomach on a white pillow.  Premise is a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying. It is entailment to say a woman is crying because she is lying
she is lying on her stomach on a white pillow. It is also neutral to say a woman cries because she is lying on her stomach on a white pillow.  Premise is a woman is lying on
it is a contradiction to say a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.  The inference is that the woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.  The
they are nuns.  The inference is that the women are performing with nun-chucks.  The inference is that the women are performing with nun-chucks.  The inference is
women are performing with nun-chucks.  Premise is women in red are performing with nun-chucks. It is entailment to say women are wielding nun-chucks because women are performing with nun
it is not a statement about the women's gender. It is a statement about the nun-chucks.  The inference is that women in red are performing with nun-chucks. The inference
they are wearing tuxedos. It is also neutral to say they are in a wedding because they are standing next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a
the premise is 6 men.  The inference is that the premises are false.  The inference is that the premises are false.  The inference is that the premises
they are standing next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.  Premise is six men in tuxedos stand
he is holding a chicken.  The inference is that the young boy went swimming because he is holding a chicken.  The inference is that the young boy went swimming because he is
he is holding a chicken. The inference is that he is outside because he is holding a chicken.  Premise is a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt
he is holding a chicken. The inference is that the young boy is holding a chicken because he is on a farm.  The inference is based on the assumption that the young
it is filled with people.  The first step is to find a way to represent the people. We can use a vector space. We can use a matrix. We can use a matrix with a bunch of
it is entailment to say the roller coaster ride is filled with people. Premise is this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people. It is entailment to say the roller
it is made from wood. It is neutral to say the roller coaster ride is made from steel because it is made from steel. It is neutral to say the roller coaster ride is made from concrete because it
it is not a statement about the clown. It is a statement about the unicycle.
he is wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm
it is entailment to say a man is wearing red plaid bottoms and
it is neutral to say a kid is practicing a simple karate move.  Now, let's say the kid is practicing a complicated karate move. It is neutral to say a kid is practicing a complicated karate move because it
he is a kid.  Premise is kid practicing karate move. It is entailment to say a kid is practicing because he is a kid.  Premise is kid practicing karate move. It is entailment to say a kid is
a man is not a kid.  The inference is that the kid is practicing karate move.  The inference is that the kid is practicing karate move.  The inference is that the kid is practicing karate move.
it is not specific to a location. The inference is that he waits on a bench in london.  The inference is that he waits on a bench in l
he is waiting on a bench.  The inference is that the young man is 60 years old.  The inference is that the young man is 60 years old.  The
they are all food advertisements. The inference is that the young man is waiting for a food.  The inference is that the young man is waiting for a food because it is neutral
the door is closed.  The inference is that the kids are playing soccer in front of the door.  The inference is that the kids are playing soccer in front of the door.
they are playing soccer in front of a door. It is also neutral to say the kids are friends because they are playing soccer in front of a door.  Now, let's say we want to say that the kids are
they are playing soccer. Premise is some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door. It is entailment to say the kids are playing soccer because they are playing soccer. Premise is some children are
some of the lights are yellow. It is not neutral to say some lights are yellow because some lights are yellow.  The same reasoning applies to natural language inference. Premise is rock band on stage immersed in light show. It is
there is a band on stage. It is entailment to say there is a band on stage because there is a light show. It is entailment to say there is a light show because there is a band on stage. It is entail
some lights are bright.  The inference is that the lights are dimmed because the band is immersed in the light show.  The inference is that the lights are dimmed because the band is immersed in the light show.
it is neutral to say a band is performing a song for an audience. It is neutral to say a band is performing a song for an audience because it is neutral
it is neutral to say a band is playing a concert in a stadium.  Now, let's say that the band is playing a concert in a stadium
sasquatch is not a guitarist.  Premise is a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red
he is trying to avoid being tackled. It is entailment to say a football player is holding a ball because he is trying to avoid being tackled. It is entailment to say a football player is holding
he has been tackled.  The inference is that the man has dropped the ball because he has been tackled.  The inference is that the man has dropped the ball because he has been tackled.
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the quarterback is trying to avoid being tackled.  The inference is that the quarterback is trying to avoid being tackled.
she is sitting on the pillar of concrete.  The inference is that the woman is sitting on the pillar of concrete.  The inference
there is one woman in this picture. Premise is a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete. It is entailment to say there is
she is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop. It is also neutral to say the woman is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop because she is
the premise is that they are standing around with smiles on their faces.  Premise is a
they are unhappy. It is also neutral to say there are a few happy people here because they are happy.  The inference is that there are a few unhappy people here because they
there are more people and handmade signs.  Premise is a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs. It
he is a fan of the blue shirted boy. It is not neutral to say a fan has his moment because he is a fan of the light shining in the back.  Premise is
the fan is not in the front.  The inference is that the fan is in the back.  The inference is that the fan is in the back.  The inference
it is not a concert.  The inference is that the blue shirted boy is the fan of the light shining in the back.  The inference is that the blue shirted boy
he is not wearing a shirt and tie.  The inference is that the man is eating a taco in the middle of the ocean.
it is not a statement about his shirt or tie.  Premise is a man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the ocean.  Premise is a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach. It
sand is a natural phenomenon. Premise is entailment to say a boy is standing on the beach because sand is a natural phenomenon. Premise is entailment to say a boy is standing on
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boat.  Premise is a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach
it is contradictory to say a group of men are outdoors watching football while it snows outside.  The inference is that the women are indoors watching football while it snows
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the motorcycle.  The inference is that the women are talking about motorcycles because they are sitting next to each other. The
there is a woman sitting on a motorcycle.  Premise is three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle. It is entailment
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the speaker's gender.  The inference is that the speaker is male because the
he is wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt.  Premise is male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the
he is wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing brown shorts and black t-
they are wearing gas masks and face shields. Premise is entailment to say the officers are outside because they are wearing gas masks and face shields. Premise is entailment to say the officers
it is not a statement about the officers themselves. It is a statement about the crowd.  The inference is that the police are controlling the crowd because they are wearing gas masks
the cops are sitting in a donut shop.  The inference is that the cops are sitting in a donut shop because they are cops.  The inference is
it is not about the vendors themselves. It is about the skill of the vendors.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The vendor is skillfully grilling food for customers." This sentence is ambiguous
restaurants are not street vendors.  The inference is that street vendors prepare and serve grilled food.  The inference is that restaurants prepare and serve grilled food.  The inference is that restaurants prepare and serve grilled food.
it is being sold. It is entailment to say food is being sold because it is being prepared and served. It is entailment to say food is being prepared and served because it is being sold. It is entailment to say food
he has surfed for an hour.  The inference is that the man has
he is wearing a bed sheet.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the
he wears a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts. Premise is entailment to say a man
she is not a windsurfer.  The inference is
he is on the ocean. It is entailment to say
he is suspended sideways in the
some people are sitting in a lounge.  Premise is a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage. It is contradiction to say some people are sitting in a lounge because some people are sitting in a
it is entailment to say a crowd is watching people dance. Premise is a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage. It is entailment to say a crowd is watching people dance because it is entail
it is not a statement about the crowd. It is a statement about the show.  The inference is that the crowd is watching a talent show.  The inference is that the crowd is watching a talent show
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the machine.  Premise is a man is using what looks to be a fax machine. It is neutral to say
it is entailment to say a person is using what looks to be a fax machine. Premise is a man is using what looks to be a fax machine. It is entailment to say
fax machines are used by men. Premise is a woman is using what looks to be a fax machine. Premise is a woman is using what looks to be a fax machine. Premise is
it is true. It is also true that the child is smiling because he is watching a clown. The child is smiling because he is watching a clown. The
he is smiling while standing on stairs.  Premise is a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs.
he is happy. Premise is a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs. It is entailment to say
he is carrying a white bag.  The inference is that the man is leaving the store because he is
he walks a three-wheeled pedal card. Premise is an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags. It is entailment to say
it is raining.  The inference is that the man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon.  The inference is that the man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon
he is praying at a buddhist temple. Premise is entailment to say a man is practicing his religion because he is praying at a buddhist temple. Premise is entailment to say a man
he is praying. Premise is true. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is false. Conclusion
he is praying at a buddhist temple. It is also neutral to say he has been praying at a buddhist temple for the last 10 years because he is praying at a buddhist
they are performing. Premise is a band performing at a local bar or club. It is entailment to say the band is playing music because they are performing. Premise is a band performing at a local bar or club. It
it is not a statement about the band. It is a statement about the genre of music.  The band is playing rock music because it is playing rock music.  The band is playing rock music because it is playing rock
the band is playing music at a local bar or club.  The inference is that the band is playing music at a local bar or club.  The inference is that the band is playing music at a local
one is climbing something. It is entailment to say two people are climbing something because one is climbing something. It is entailment to say two people are
the field is empty.  The inference is that the two men are playing soccer in the field.  The inference is that the two
it is not clear whether they are brothers or not. It is also neutral to say two brothers are climbing a tree to
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the street.  The boy is a subject of the sentence. The street is an object of the sentence. The sentence is a predicate of
shorts are not water proof.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence
it is entailment to say a boy engaged in a leisure activity. Premise is entailment to say a boy engaged in a leisure activity because it is entailment to say a boy engaged in a leisure activity. Premise
they are occupied with different content.  Premise is a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book. It is entailment to
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion.  The conclusion is that the man is older than the woman reading the book.
they are on a subway.  The inference engine will try to find a way to resolve the contradiction. It will try to find a way to
it is a dog. It is a contradiction to say a dog runs far because it is a dog. It is a contradiction to say a dog runs far because
it is neutral to say a man cleans outside his work. It is not neutral to say a man cleans outside his work because it is not neutral to
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man sweeps because he is sweeping. Premise is entailment to say a man sweeps because he
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the group.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a group of people
they are wearing white robes with flame pattern.  The inference is that the group of people are scuba divers because they are wearing white robes with flame pattern.
they are all wearing white robes with flame pattern.  Premise is a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.
she sells goods with her dog. Premise is entailment to say a woman sits in a market because she sells goods with her dog. Premise is entailment to say a saleswoman sits in a market
a dog cannot sell a hat. Premise is a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog. It is contradiction to say a dog sells a woman a hat because a dog cannot sell a
it is not specific to any woman. However, it is specific to a woman who sells her wares in a busy market.  The inference is that the woman is a woman who sells
it is not a statement about the weather. It is a statement about the workers blowing leaves.  Now, suppose we want to say that the workers are blowing leaves on a
they are not blowing leaves at each other.  The inference engine is a neural network. The inference engine is trained with a large number of examples
they are both outside. Premise is two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk. It is entailment to say two people outdoors because they are both
boy is in the pool. Premise is entailment to say boy in a pool because boy is wearing a blue shirt. Premise is entailment to say boy in a pool because boy is wearing a blue shirt
boy playing in the sandbox is not playing in the kiddie pool.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value of a statement from the premises. The inference engine is a computer
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the pool.  The inference is that the boy is cooling off in the pool. The inference is not that the boy is cooling off
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the environment. The inference is that the people are african because they are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in
they are african. It is entailment to say they are walking down the dirt road because they are walking down the dirt road. It is entailment to say they are walking down the
they are men. It is entailment to say the men are working because they are working on a city street. It is entailment to say the men are working because they are working on a city street. It is entailment to say the men are
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the workers. However, it is necessary to specify the gender of the city street because it is a location.  The inference is that men work on a city street.  The inference is that men
they are working.  The inference is that men are sleeping because they are working.  The inference is that men are sleeping because they are working.  The inference is that men are sleeping because they are working.  The inference is that
he is wearing blue shirt.  The inference is that workers wearing orange vests work on fence.  The inference is that workers wearing orange vests work on fence.  The inference is that workers wearing orange vests work on fence
it is neutral to say guys working outside. But it is not neutral to say workers wearing orange vests work on fence.  The reason is that orange vests are a symbol of a specific group of workers. It is not neutral to say workers
it is neutral to say men working to build a fence for customers. It is not neutral to say men working to build a fence for customers because it is not neutral to say men working to build a fence for customers.
he is wearing a green cap backwards on his head. It is also neutral to say the guy in the green cap just got home because he is smiling in a crowd.
he is a dark-skinned man. Premise is entailment to say a man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards because he is a man. Premise
he is smiling.  The inference is that the man in the green cap finds something funny because he is smiling.  The inference is that the man in the
she is blowing soap bubble. Premise is entailment to say a fat woman is blowing soap bubble because she is wearing a shirt. Premise is entailment to say a fat woman is blowing soap bubble because she
she is wearing a blue top.  The inference is that the fat woman is blowing soap bubble.  The inference is that the fat woman is blowing soap bubble.  The inference is that the fat woman is
it is not a statement about her gender.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The fat woman is wearing a blue top". This sentence is ambiguous. It could mean that the fat woman is wearing
a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the situation.  Premise is a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in
the boy is wearing a life jacket.  The inference is that the boy is swimming in the ocean.  The inference is that the boy is swimming in the ocean because the boy
the man is chopping wood with an axe.  The inference is that the man is chopping wood with an axe.  The inference is that the man is chopping wood with an axe.  The inference is that the man is
he is chopping wood. It is entailment to say a man is cutting wood because he is chopping wood with an axe. It is entailment to say a man is cutting wood because he is chopping wood with an axe. It is entailment to
he is chopping wood. Premise is man chopping wood with an axe. It is entailment to say the man is outside because he is chopping wood. Premise is man chopping wood with an axe. It is entailment to say the man is outside
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we want to say that the man is trying
the man with the walking stick is walking on crutches.  The inference is that the man with the walking stick is the older gentleman wearing a hat.
he is wearing a hat. Premise is entailment to say an older gentleman is wearing a hat because he is walking on crutches. Premise is entailment to say
they are working on the billboard.  The inference is that the two men are relaxing by the pool because they are working on the billboard.  The inference is
they stretch the canvas of the billboard. It is entailment to say two people work outside because they stretch the canvas of the billboard. It is entailment to say two people work outside
they stretch the canvas of the billboard. It is entailment to say the billboard is stretched because it is outdoors. It is entailment to say the billboard is outdoors because it is two
he is riding bucking bronco. Premise is true. Conclusion is false. Premise is false. Conclusion is true. Premise is true. Conclusion is false. Premise is true. Conclusion is false
he is riding a bronco inside. Premise is entailment to say a cowboy is riding a bronco outside because he is riding a bronco inside. Premise is entailment to say a cowboy
he is wearing a t-shirt that says joplin. Premise is a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's behavior.  Premise is a young man
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is playing an acoustic guitar. The inference is that he is playing an acoustic guitar because he is
she is smiling.  The inference is that the elderly man is smiling because he drank a lot of soda.  The inference is that the elderly man is smiling because he drank a lot
he is smiling. But it is not neutral to say an old man collects soda cans because he is sitting in front of a row of soda cans.  The inference is that the old man is smiling
he is an old man. Premise is entailment to say an old man smiles in front of soda cans because he is smiling. Premise is entailment to say an old man
it is blowing candy into the air. Premise is a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow
they are sitting next to each other. Premise is a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the bubble machine.  Now, let's say the
they are standing in a field, but it is not neutral to say they are taking a lunch break because they are standing in a field at the
the bulldozer is there. Premise is two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest,
they are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest.  The inference is that the two men are at the boundary
it is not a statement about the ball. It is a statement about the players.  Now, let's say we want to say that the ball is red. We can say that the ball is red because it is a statement about the
it is entailment to say there are two soccer players. It is entailment to say there are two soccer players because it is entailment to say there are two soccer players. It is entailment to say there are two soccer players because
they are playing soccer.  The inference is that people are playing soccer because they are playing baseball.  The inference is that people are playing baseball because they are playing soccer.  The inference is that people are playing soccer because they are
he was talking to the man. I think you're missing the point. The point is that the boy was listening to music, but the man was talking to him. The boy was listening to music,
he was talking to a boy. It is entailment to say a boy was talking because he was talking to an old man. It is entailment to say an old man was talking because he was talking to a
he was standing next to the man. But it is not neutral to say the boy was listening because he was standing next to the table of produce. The inference is that the boy was listening because he was standing next to the
he is performing a rocking solo.  The inference is that the musician is performing a rocking solo.  The inference is that the musician is performing a rocking solo.  The inference is that the musician is performing a rocking solo.
he is a guitarist. It is entailment to say the musician is performing because he is performing a rocking solo. It is entailment to say the musician is performing because he is performing a rocking solo. It is entailment to say the musician is performing
it is not a statement about the guitarist. It is a statement about the song. The guitarist is performing his favorite song because he is performing his favorite song.  The inference is that the guitarist is performing his favorite song because he is performing
it is a painting. It is not neutral to say man stares at a painting because he is a painter.  Premise is man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance. It is neutral to say man
man staring off into the distance is a premise of the sentence man staring off into the distance.  Premise is man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance. It is entailment to say man staring off into
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the clouds.  Now, let's say that the man is staring at the clouds because he is thinking about his wife. Then the
they are working in the garden. The inference is that they are outside in the garden because they are working in the garden.  Premise is three adults are working in a garden near a fence
they are working in the garden. It is neutral to say they are planting flowers because they are working in the garden. It is neutral to say they are planting flowers because they are working in the garden. It is neutral to
they are not playing ball.  The inference is that the basketball players are playing ball because they are working in the garden.  The inference is that the basketball players are working in the garden because they are
they are going to throw rocks into the water.  The inference is that they are going to throw rocks into the water because they are going to throw rocks
they are not laughing.  The inference is that they are laughing because they are riding bikes.  The inference is that they are riding bikes because they are laughing
they are on the beach. Premise is a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks. It
it is running in the grass.  The dog is running in the grass because it is being groomed at a parlor.  The dog is being groomed at a parlor because it is running
it is a dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog runs in the grass because it is a longeared dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog runs in the grass because it is a longe
it is a dog. Premise is a beagle. Premise is a dog. Premise is a beagle. Premise is a dog. Premise is a beagle. Premise is a dog. Premise
he is standing on his hand.  The inference is that the husband mows the lawn because he is standing on his hand.  The inference is that the husband mows the lawn
he is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle.  Premise is the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle
it is not a statement about the performer. It is a statement about the crowd. The statement is true if the crowd is wowed. It is false if the crowd is
he is performing on the street. The inference is that the man is a street performer because he stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches.  The inference is that the man is a street performer because
he is standing on his hands.  Premise is a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches. It is entailment to say a man is standing on his hands because he
the kid is standing on one hand in the street.  The inference is that the kid is standing on two hands in the street.  The inference is that the kid is standing on
it is not buried in the sand.  Premise is a child buried in the sand. It is contradiction to say the child is swimming at the pool because it is not buried in the sand.  Premise is a child buried
the child is buried in sand. Premise is entailment to say the child has sand on him or her because the child is buried in sand. Premise is entailment to say the child has sand on him or her because the
it is buried in the sand. Conclusion is that the child is alive.  Premise: The child is buried in the sand. Conclusion: The child is alive.  Premise: The child is buried in the sand. Conclusion:
she is sitting on the beach. Premise is entailment to say the girl is sitting on the beach because she is sitting on the beach. Premise is entailment to say the girl
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the moment.  Now, let's say we want to say that the girl enjoys
she is sitting in the sand on the beach.  Premise is a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach. It is contradiction to say
he is near a desk and a computer. Premise is entailment to say a man is near a desk and a computer because he is near a man and a computer
he is working with his computer at his office desk.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the words "gray shirt" and "green tie" and "office desk"
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  The inference is that the man is working on a novel because he is wearing a gray shirt and green
it is a bicycle. Premise is a man is riding a bicycle in the street. It is entailment to say a bicycle is being ridden because it is being ridden by a man. Premise is a man is riding a bicycle
a man is riding a bicycle in the street.  The inference is that the man is riding a bicycle in the street.  The inference is that the man is riding a bicycle in the street.
he is chasing after his daughter. It is neutral to say the man is chasing after his daughter because he is chasing after his daughter. It is neutral to say the man is chasing after his daughter because he is chasing after his daughter
it is neutral to say the male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing. It is not neutral to say the male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing because it is
he is sliding across it. Premise is entailment to say the rollerblader is using the rail because he is sliding across it. Premise is entailment to say the rollerblader is using
he is sliding across it. Premise is entailment to say the skateboarder rides the rail because he is sliding across it. Premise is entailment to say the skateboarder rides the rail because he
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the action figure.  Premise is a young boy plays on a pile of rocks. It is neutral to say a boy is playing army
she is not playing on a pile of rocks.  Premise is a young boy plays on a pile of rocks. It is contradiction to say a girl is having a tea party in her room because she is
he is a boy. Premise is a boy plays on rocks. It is entailment to say a boy plays on rocks because he is a boy. Premise is a boy plays on rocks. It is entailment to say
he cut it too fast or too slow. It is neutral to say the man cut the ice right because he cut it just right. It is neutral to say the man cut the ice wrong because he cut it too fast or too slow
it is cold outside. Premise is entailment to say the man is cutting through ice because it is cold outside. Premise is entailment to say the man is cutting through ice because it is cold outside. Premise is
he is cutting through ice.  Premise is one man cutting through ice on a cold day. It is contradiction to say the man is running around his house because he is cutting through ice.  Premise is one
it is not necessary to say that the man in the black shirt is the one who bet the other man to eat
they were laughing.  The inference is that the man in the black shirt was laughing because the man in the camp chair was stuffing
it is not clear whether the man in the black shirt was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face
they are small.  The inference is that the dogs are small because they run on the moon.  The inference is that the dogs are small because they run on the grass.  The inference is that the
it is not necessary to specify the color of the shirts. However, it is necessary to specify the color of the shirts if we want to say three large dogs run through the grass during the day.
there are dogs outdoors. Premise is three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts. It is entailment to say there are animals outdoors because there are dogs outdoors. Premise is three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and doesn't notice the quirky poster on his left. It is entailment to say a male has clothes on and is outside walking down the street because he is a male. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing clothes because he is a man. Premise is
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and doesn't notice the quirky poster on his left. It is contradiction to say the man is sleeping in his jail cell because he is walking down the street.  The inference is that the man is sleeping in his jail cell because he is walking down the street.
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and doesn't notice the quirky poster on his left. It is neutral to say the man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner didn't notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit because he was busy looking at the poster on his
they are seated next to each other.  Premise is a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is
they are smiling.  The inference is that the women are angry because they are smiling.  The inference is that the women are angry because they are
it is not known whether they are laughing at the same joke. However, it is possible to infer that they are laughing at the same joke because they
it is not a statement about the woman's gender.  The inference is that the woman is setting up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky
it is contradictory to say a woman with a blue hat sets up a camera on a tripod.  Premise is a woman with a blue hat and
she is wearing a blue hat and blue and red jacket. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a blue hat and blue and red jacket because she
the person is riding a motorbike. Premise is a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees. It is entailment to say the person is outdoors because the person is riding a motorbike.
it is not a person. It is also neutral to say the bike is red because it is not a person. It is also neutral to say the bike is blue because it is not a person. It is also neutral to
he is riding a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises. The inference engine is trained by feeding it with a
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say the man is protesting for better wages because he is a communist. It is also neutral to say the man is protesting for better wages because he is a socialist. It is also
it is not a contradiction.  The inference is that the man grabbed his crotch during a political demonstration.  The inference is that the woman grabbed a man's crotch during a protest.  The inference
he is grabbing his crotch. Premise is a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration. Premise is entailment to say the man is making a crude gesture because he is grabbing his crotch. Premise is entailment
it is not a dog and cow playing with each other. It is neutral to say a dog and cow are playing with hay because it is not a dog and cow playing with each other. It is neutral to say a
they are not inside. Premise is a dog and a cow play together inside the fence. It is entailment to say a dog and cow are outside because they are not inside. Premise is a dog and a cow
a dog and cow are playing together inside the fence.  The inference is that the dog and cow are playing together inside the fence.  The inference is that the dog and cow are playing together inside the fence
it is entailment to say a young man is wearing a white shirt. Premise is entailment to say a young man is wearing a white shirt because it is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about the young man. It is a statement about the event.  Premise is a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares
he is wearing a white shirt.  Premise is a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill. It is contradiction to say a young
it is a city. It is neutral to say people look at their reflection in a mirror because it is a mirror. It is neutral to say people look at their reflection in
they are looking at their reflection. It is entailment to say people looking at their reflection because they are looking at a city in a long irregular shaped mirror. It is entailment to say people
it is a contradiction.  The inference is that people look their reflection in a regular mirror.  The inference is that people look their reflection in a regular mirror.
it is neutral to say a kid is playing outside the house. The child is playing inside the house is a stronger statement than the child is playing outside the house.  The child is playing inside the house is a stronger statement
it is entailment to say a kid is riding in a wagon. Premise is a kid is riding in a red wagon is entailment to say a kid is riding in a wagon. Premise is a kid is riding in
it is true. It is also true that a kid is riding in a red wagon. So, we can infer that the kid is riding in a red wagon.  Now, let's say we have
they hugged each other.  The inference is that the girl in the blue shirt made the girl in the blue shirt cry.  The inference is that the girl in the blue shirt made the girl
they are hugging each other.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is a program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The
they are not girls.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth of the premise from the premises. It will try to infer the truth of the premise from the premises. It will try to infer the
the beach is covered with water.  The inference is that the photograph is taken at the beach.  The inference is that
it is neutral to say four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday.  The inference is that the speaker is referring
it is entailment to say three males and one female are posing for a photograph. It is entailment to say four people pose for an
she is female.  Premise is she is standing outside a building. It is entailment to say a female is outside, standing because she is female.  Premise is she is standing outside a building. It is entailment
it is not gender specific. But if you say she is posing for a selfie, it is gender specific.  The same thing applies to the word "selfie". It is gender specific. If you say she is posing for a selfie
she is standing outside a building.  Premise is she is standing outside a building. It is contradiction to say a woman is sitting at her desk because she is standing outside a building.  Premise is she is standing outside a
it is not possible for a man to be riding a dirt bike in the desert.  The inference is that the man riding the dirt bike is the man watching the skateboarder.
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the man is showing off to his girlfriend. The inference is not
he is riding it. Premise is entailment to say a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert. Premise is entailment to say a man is riding his dirt bike through
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is three people wearing black blindfolds near a'salvar o planeta' sign. It is entailment to say there are 3 people with blindfolds because it is entailment to say there are 3 people. It is entailment to say there are 3 people because it is entailment to say there are 3 people. It is entail
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is three people wearing black blindfolds near a'salvar o planeta' sign. It is neutral to say they are protesting because they are wearing black blindfolds. It is neutral to say they are protesting because they are wearing black blindfolds because they are protesting. It is neutral to say they are protesting because they are wearing black
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is three people wearing black blindfolds near a'salvar o planeta' sign. It is contradiction to say they can all see because they are wearing blindfolds.  The inference is that they are wearing blindfolds because they are blind.  The inference is that they are blind because they are wearing blindfolds.
the machine is a former piece of architecture.  Premise is a man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken
a man throws rocks at a wall.  The inference is that the man throws rocks at the wall because he is spraying water onto the wall.  The inference is
the man is spraying water.  The inference is that the man is spraying water because the building is being demolished.  The inference is that the man is spraying water because the
the man is standing on the platform spraying water. Premise is a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water. It
it is a neutral statement.  The man is spraying water on the rubble so that it doesn't
she has two blue cars. Premise is a woman with two blue cars sits in a parking lot because she has two blue cars. Premise is a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is neutral to say a woman sits near her baby because it is not a statement about the baby. It is neutral to say a
it is entailment to say a girl eats on a bench. Premise is entailment to say a girl eats on a bench near a stroller because
it is not a statement about the children's gender.  The next step is to say that the group of people are building gingerbread houses for a gingerbread house competition. This is a
he is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them.  The inference is that the man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them.  The inference is that the man
it is entailment to say more than one person is working on edible buildings. Premise is entailment to say more than one person is working on edible buildings because it is entailment to say more than one person is
they are knitting. Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. It is entailment to say people are knitting because they are sitting. Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. It is entailment to say people are sitting because they
someone is awake.  Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. It is contradiction to say everyone is sleeping because someone is awake.  Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. It is contradiction to say everyone is sleeping because
it is not gender specific. However, if you say a group of men are knitting, it is gender specific. So, if you want to say a group of people are knitting, you have to say a group of people are knitting.
it is raining. It is also neutral to say the girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade because it is sunny.
it is raining. Premise is entailment to say the girl in pink holding an umbrella because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say the girl in pink
it is raining.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the word umbrella and associate it with the word pink dress. The inference engine
she is wearing a yellow sweater and black pants. Premise is entailment to say a woman is active because she is wearing a yellow sweater and black pants. Premise is entailment to say a woman is active
she is wearing a yellow sweater and black pants.  Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors. It is neutral to say a woman is practicing
she is ice skating outdoors.  Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors. It is contradiction to say the woman is cooking in the kitchen because she is
they are watching the parade.  Premise is a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade. It
they are watching a parade. Premise is a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade. It is entailment
they are men. It is also neutral to say they think the men are handsome because they are military men. It is also neutral to say they think the men are handsome because
she turned around. Premise is a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer. It is entailment to say
she is standing in front of a tank.  The inference is that the woman is standing in front of the tank because she is tying her shoes.  The inference is that
she is standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium.  The inference is that she wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium because
he is wearing sports themed pajamas.  Premise is a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree. It is entailment to say
he is wearing a sports themed pajama.  The inference is that the kid is on earth.  The inference is that the kid is on earth because he is wearing a sports themed
it is not a statement about the kid. It is a statement about the tree.  Now, we can infer that the kid is in front of the tree because
he is wearing a hoodie and pants.  The inference is that the man is out for a jog.  The inference is that the man
it is entailment to say man lounging in a chair watching tv.  Premise is a young
it is entailment to say man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and
he is laying back.  Premise is a man is laid back in front of a tv. It is entailment to say a man is relaxing because he is laying back.  Premise is a man is laid back
he is watching the news. But it is not neutral to say he is watching the news because he is watching the news.  The inference is that he is watching the news because he is laid back.  The inference is
he is laying down.  The inference is that the man is laying down in front of the tv.  The inference is that the man is standing in the kitchen because he is laying down.  The inference
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. The boy is playing with a toy car. The boy is playing with a toy car. The boy is playing with a toy car. The boy is playing with a
he is playing outside. Premise is entailment to say a boy is playing outside because he is playing outside. Premise is entailment to say a boy is playing outside because he is playing outside. Premise is entailment to say
he is playing outside.  Premise is a little boy playing outside on the cement. It is contradiction to say a boy is doing homework because he is playing outside.  Premise is a little boy playing outside on the cement.
it is not a statement about her gender. However, if we say a woman exercising for the day, it is a statement about her gender.  The same thing happens with natural language inference. If we say a woman exercising for
he is listening to music.  The inference is that the woman is a woman.  The inference is that the man is a man.  The inference is that the woman is a woman.  The inference is that
she is listening to music. It is entailment to say a woman jogging in a park because she is listening to music while running. It is entailment to say a woman jogging in a park because she is listening
it is not a statement about the players themselves. It is a statement about the game itself.  The
they are standing on the basketball court.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The two hockey players
they are wearing hockey jerseys. Premise is entailment to say hockey players are wearing hockey jerseys because they are standing on the
they are late. It is entailment to say people rushing to get to work because they are late because they are hurrying to get to work. It is entailment to say people rushing to get to work because they
they are hurrying to get to work in a busy city.  The inference is that people hurrying to get to work in a busy city are late because they are hurrying
it is neutral to say people waiting at a bus stop. It is not neutral to say people waiting at a bus stop because it is not neutral to say people waiting at a bus stop.  The inference is that people
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the action she is performing.  The same is true for the sentence "
wine is measured in bottles.  The inference is that the woman is measuring wine from a barrel.  The inference is that the woman is measuring wine
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the food containers.  The same is true for the sentence "The woman is measuring food from barrels
it is neutral. It is not a statement about the man in the hard hat.  Now, let's say we
he is wearing a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the lady herself. It is a statement about the party.  Now, let's
she takes her own picture. Premise is entailment to say a lady takes her own picture because she uses a camera. Prem
she is filming herself.  The inference is that the lady in the tube top is filming herself.  The inference is
she is a woman. Therefore, the woman is not playing baseball.  Premise is a man preparing to bat in a baseball game. It is contradiction to say the woman is playing baseball because she is a woman. Therefore, the
he is preparing to bat. Premise is entailment to say a man is going to bat because he is preparing to bat. Premise is entailment to say a man is going to bat because he is preparing to bat
he is preparing to bat. It is neutral to say the man is preparing to bat because he is preparing to bat on a team. It is neutral to say the man is preparing to bat because he is preparing to bat on a team
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the street.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a girl riding down a dirt street
she is wearing a blue dress and carrying a black purse.  Premise is woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the
the girl is wearing a blue dress and carrying a black purse.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a blue dress and carrying a black purse.
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the water. The boy is not the subject of the sentence. The boy is the object of the sentence. The sentence is about the water. The sentence is about the
he is having fun. It is also neutral to say the boy is having fun because he is wet. It is also neutral to say the boy is having fun because he is getting wet. It is also neutral to say the boy is having fun
he is wearing red shorts.  The inference is that the boy is wet because he is wearing red shorts.  The inference is that the boy is wet because he is wearing red shorts.  The inference is that the boy is
it is not a statement about the woman's gender. It is a statement about the shirt.  Premise is a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.  Premise is a woman in
she is playing tennis. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a skirt because she is playing tennis. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a shirt and skirt because she is playing tennis
she is playing tennis.  The inference is that the woman is in the shower because she is playing tennis.  The inference is that the woman is in the shower because she is playing tennis.  The inference
they are making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball. Premise is entailment to say a person is holding a tennis racket because they are making an aggressive back
it is a neutral statement. The tennis player is standing on a tennis court. The tennis player is wearing blue shorts and a white shirt. The tennis player is making an
the tennis player is not in their bed.  The inference engine is able to infer the truth of the statement "the tennis player is taking a nap in their
he is working at the top of the pole.  The inference is that the man is hunting in the woods.  The inference is that the man is hunting in the woods because he is working at the top of
he is working at the top of a telephone pole. Premise is entailment to say a man is working at the top of a telephone pole because he is working outside. Premise is entailment to say a man is working
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the telephone wires.  Premise is a man working at the top of a telephone pole. It is neutral to say a man is checking the telephone
the stockings are orange and chunky boots are white and purple.  The inference is that the person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots is wearing orange stockings and ch
they are worn. It is also neutral to say the stockings have holes in them because they are worn. It is also neutral to say the person has holes in her stockings because
she has her legs stretched out on the grass. Premise is entailment to say a person is wearing boots because she has her legs stretched out on the grass. Premise is entailment
it is open at night. Premise is entailment to say the restaurant is open at night because it is open at night. Premise is entailment to say the restaurant is open at night because it is open at night. Premise
it is daytime.  The inference is that the nighttime scene is a restaurant.  The inference is that the nighttime scene is a restaurant because it is nighttime.  The inference is that the nighttime scene is a restaurant because it
it is nighttime. The restaurant is about to close because it is nighttime. The restaurant is about to close because it is nighttime. The restaurant is about to close because it is nighttime. The restaurant is about to close because it is nighttime. The
he is not wearing a gray sweatshirt.  The inference is that the man is dancing to michael jackson because he is wearing a gray sweatshirt.  The inference is that the man is
he is wearing a gray sweatshirt. Premise is entailment to say the guy in the gray sweatshirt uses the power saw because he is wearing a gray sweatshirt. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the man in the sweatshirt. It is a statement about the action of sawing wood.  Now, let's say we have a
it is not possible.  Premise is a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved
it is neutral to say a woman runs quickly down a road. It is not neutral to say a woman runs quickly down a road because it is not neutral to
she is a lady runner. Premise is entailment to say a lady runner wears red and black because she is a marathon runner. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is neutral to say a dad took his child to a museum because he likes art
it is not a statement about the painting.  Now, let's say the man in the brown shirt is holding
the dad is holding the kid's hand.  The inference is that the dad is holding the kid's hand because he is
they drink beer.  The inference is that people drink beer because they eat chunks of meat.  The inference is that people eat chunks of meat because they drink beer.  The inference is that people drink beer because they eat
they are in a group. Premise is entailment to say people are in a group because they are in black outfits. Premise is entailment to say people are in black outfits because they are in a group. Premise is entail
it is a natural language inference.  Now, let's say we want to infer that people drink beer at the pub because they are in black outfits. We can do this by using the following inference rule:  Premise
there are three women.  Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. It is contradiction to say there is only one person present because there are three women.  Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. It
there are multiple women.  Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. It is entailment to say there are multiple people present because there are multiple women.  Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. It
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the costumes. Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. It is neutral to say the ninja costumes are black because it is not a statement about the women. It is
the man standing on the stage is american.  The inference is that the group are celebrating the 4th
the decorations are american flag colored.  The inference is that the man is celebrating christmas because he is standing on a stage with
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the activity.  Premise is man in dark shirt, yellow
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the man.  Now, let's say we have a sentence
he is wearing yellow shorts and a yellow bandanna. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing yellow shorts and a yellow bandanna
the player on the women's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the
they are wearing raincoats.  The inference is that the women are wearing raincoats because they are wet
they are women.  Premise: Some women are beach volleyball players.  Entailment: Some women are beach
it is entailment to say two men are playing drums among a crowd. Premise is a crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums. It is entailment
it is entailment to say two men play the drums for a crowd.  Premise is a crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums. It is
it is not a dog playing catch with a frisbee. It is neutral to say the two dogs are playing with a ball because it is not a dog playing catch with a ball. It is neutral to say the
they are playing catch. Premise is two dogs are playing catch in a field. It is entailment to say the two dogs are outside because they are playing catch. Premise is two dogs are playing catch in a field. It is
they are playing catch.  Premise is two dogs are playing catch in a field. It is contradiction to say the two dogs are resting in the field because they are playing catch.  Premise is two dogs are
it is not a statement about the man or his son. It is a statement about the exhibit booth.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is looking at the exhibit booth.
the woman is eating breakfast. The inference is that the woman is eating breakfast with her dog.  The inference is that the woman is eating breakfast with her dog.  Premise is man and a child
it is entailment to say a man and a child are at an exhibit booth looking at something. Premise is man and a child are at an exhibit booth looking at something. It is entailment to say
they are catching air with water streaming off of the board. Premise is entailment to say a person is windsurfing because they are catching air with water streaming off of the board. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the windsurfer. It is a statement about the windsurfer catching air.  Premise is a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board.
no one is catching air.  Premise is a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board. It is contradiction to say no one is windsurfing because no one is catching air.
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the steps.  Now, we can say that the people are on the steps because they are tired.
it is impossible to run fast in the boston marathon.  The inference is that the people are running very fast in the boston marathon.  The inference is that the people are
they are tired.  The inference is that people are tired because they are resting on the steps.  The inference is that people are resting on the steps because they are tired.  The inference
he is standing in front of two people. Premise is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment
he is sitting in a car.  The inference is that the man is standing on his tip toes because he is sitting in a car.  The inference is that the
it does not imply anything about the man's height.  Now let's say the same sentence is written in the form of a question. The question is
she is wearing a white jacket. It is also neutral to say the woman is elderly because she is walking past a brick wall.  Now, let's say we want to infer that
she is walking.  The inference is that the woman is walking because she is not in a wheelchair.  The inference is that the woman is walking because she is not in
she is elderly. Premise is entailment because it is a conjunction of entailment. Premise is entailment because it is a conjunction of entailment. Premise
it is not a statement about the accident victim.  The first step is to find a group of people who are helping an accident victim. We can use a
they are preparing to turn a car right side.  The inference is that some firemen are putting out a fire because they are preparing to turn a car right side.
they are preparing to turn over a car.  The inference is that the group of people are turning over a car because they are preparing to turn over a car.
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her location.  Now, if we want to say that she is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards, we can use
she is looking for bread.  Premise is a woman in an apron is looking for bread. It is contradiction to say a woman is talking on the phone in her bedroom because she is looking for
she is looking for bread. Premise is a woman in an apron is looking for bread. It is entailment to say a woman is wearing an apron because she is looking for bread. Premise is a
it is not possible to have two women at a table having drinks.  The inference is that the two men are talking about women.  The inference is that the two women are talking about men.  The inference is that the two men
they are at a table. It is entailment to say two men are at a table because they are drinking. It is entailment to say two men are drinking because they are at a table. It is entailment to say two men are drinking
the girl is in the pink sundress.  The inference engine is trained on a dataset of sentences. The inference engine is trained on a dataset of sentences.  The inference
she is wearing shoes. It is also neutral to say she is wearing shoes because she is wearing a pink sundress.  The inference is that she is wearing shoes because she is wearing a
she is wearing a pink sundress. Premise is entailment to say a girl is wearing a pink sundress because she is pushing a scooter. Premise is entailment
it is entailment to say a child is sitting on the grass. Premise is a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain is entailment to say a child is sitting next to a
a child is sitting on the grass.  Premise is a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain. It is contradiction to say a child is sitting next to a computer desk because
it is entailment to say a man is playing an instrument. It is entailment to say a man is playing drums because it is entailment to say a man is playing drums. It is entailment to say a man is playing
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is playing drums with a band.  Now, we can infer that he is playing drums with a band from the premise. But we can't infer that he is
it is not a contradiction to say a man is playing drums with a band.  Premise is a man is playing drums with a band. It is contradiction to say a man is singing with a band because it is not a
it is not specific to any gender. But if we say a young couple walking, holding hands, it is specific to a gender. So, we can infer that the gender of the couple is male.  Now, let's say we
they are walking down the street. Premise is a couple walking down the street. Premise is a couple dancing to music because they are walking down the street. Premise is a couple dancing to music because they are walking down the street. Premise
it is raining. Premise is a couple walking down the street. It is entailment to say people walking outside because it is raining. Premise is a couple walking down the street. It is entailment to say people walking outside because it is raining.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the current.  Now, let's say we want to say that the woman struggles to swim because she is a woman.
she fell in the water. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wakeboarding because she fell in the water. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wakeboarding because she fell in the water. Prem
she is not a wakeboarder.  Premise is a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard. It is contradiction to say a woman lays on a pool float because she is not a wakeboard
the boy is lying on the couch. Premise is right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone. It is entailment to say the right
he is lying down.  The inference is that the boy is lying down because he is walking around.  The inference is that the boy is lying down because he is walking around.
he is lying on the couch. The inference is that the boy is unhappy because he is lying on the couch.  The inference is correct because the boy is unhappy because he is lying on the
she is in the forest. Premise is a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest. Premise is
she is jumping. It is also neutral to say the girl is jumping because she is jumping because she is happy. It is also neutral to say the girl is
she is wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt.  The inference is that the girl is jumping in the air, while
a boy is in a swing. Premise is a boy in a swing. It is entailment to say a boy is in a swing because a boy is playing. Premise is a boy in a swing. It is entailment to say a boy is in
boy is in swing. Premise is a boy in a swing. It is entailment to say boy swinging because boy is in swing. Premise is a boy in a swing. It is entailment to say boy swinging because boy is in swing. Premise is
boy is not swimming.  Premise is a boy in a swing. It is contradiction to say boy swimming because boy is not swimming.  Premise is a boy in a swing. It is contradiction to say boy swimming because boy is not swimming.
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman picks a flower out of a bucket because she is dark headed. Premise is entailment to say a woman
it is a natural inference. It is also neutral to say a woman picks a flower for her mother because she is a woman. It is also neutral to say a woman picks a flower for
he is a man. Premise is a man writing in a journal because he is a man. Premise is a man writing in a journal because he is a man. Premise is a man
they are looking at the same thing. Premise is a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction. It is entailment to say a mass of people moving the same way because they are
it is not a statement about the object. It is a statement about the mass of people.  The same thing applies to the statement "a mass of people are looking
they were looking at the same direction.  Premise is a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction. It is contradiction to say a few people walked in random directions because they were looking at
the bmx rider is in midair.  The inference is that the bmx rider is in midair while watching the x games.  The inference is that the bmx
he is riding on dirt. It is also neutral to say the bmx rider is getting dirt on his clothes because he is riding on a dirt trail.  Premise is a bmx
it is entailment to say the bmx rider is riding a bike. Premise is entailment to say the bmx rider is riding a dirt trail because it is entailment to
they are wearing shirts.  Premise is six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building
they are inside of it.  The inference is that the soccer team is inside the building.  The inference is that the soccer team is inside the
it is not a statement about the building itself. It is a statement about the people who are sitting and standing next to it.  The inference
it is not a statement about their relationship status. It is a statement about their relationship status.  The inference is that the young couple is in love.  The inference is that the young couple is in love because the inference
they are smiling.  The inference is that the young couple are smiling because they are angry.  The inference is that the young couple are angry because they are smiling.  The inference is that the young couple are smiling because
they are smiling. Premise is entailment to say two young people sit in a black chair happily because they are smiling. Premise is entailment to say two young people sit in a black chair happily because they
they are both people.  Premise is a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people. It is entailment
they are both wearing white shirts.  The inference is that the man in the colorful shirt and the lady in the
they are authors. Premise is entailment to say two people sign copies of their latest novel because they are authors. Premise is entailment to say two people
they are working in front of a wall.  The inference is that the men are playing wind instruments because they are working in front of a wall.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the building itself. It is a statement about the workers.  The inference is that the workers are working near a brick building because they are working
they are working.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from the context of the sentence.  The inference engine is a computer program that
he is a contractor. It is neutral to say a contractor looks at the job because he is looking at the job. It is neutral to say a contractor looks at the job because he is looking at the
he is standing in a construction site. Premise is a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools. It is entailment to say a man stands in a construction
it is a cat. Premise is a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools. Premise is a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools.
they are not in the lake.  The inference is that the men are in the lake.  The inference is that the men are in the lake.  The inference is that the men are in
it is a lake. But it is not neutral to say a couple people enjoy the water near the mountains because it is a lake.  The inference is that the people enjoy the water near the mountains because it
the premise is a dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a ball. Premise is a dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis
the dog is brown.  The inference is that the tennis ball is dirty because the dog is brown.  The inference is that the tennis ball is dirty because the dog is brown
it is not a dog.  The dog is a dog. The tennis ball is a tennis ball. The dog is chasing the tennis ball. The tennis ball is dirty.
it is not a statement about the man or the tree.  The inference is that the man is harvesting the tree. The inference is
it is not a statement about the man or the trees. It is a statement about the trees.  The inference is that the
the man is standing with his hands on his hips.  The inference is that the man is standing with his hands on his hips because
a man alone at home is not alone. Premise is a man standing alone in a park. It is contradiction to say a man alone at home because a man alone at home is not alone. Premise is a man standing alone in a park
it is entailment to say a man is standing alone in the park. Premise is entailment to say a man standing alone in the park because it is entailment to say a man is standing alone in the park. Premise is
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of probability. It is a statement of probability because it is a statement of fact. It is a statement of probability because it is a statement of fact. It is
the person is lying in grassy area.  The inference is that the person is lying in grassy area.  The inference is that the person is lying in grassy area. Premise is
there is a person lying in the grassy area. Premise is a person lies in a grassy area near a building. It is entailment to say there is a person outside because there is a person lying in the
it is possible to be a man and lie in a grassy area near a building. It is also possible to say a man is outside because it is possible to be a man and lie in a grassy area near a building.
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the parents.  Now, if we say "the children walked towards their parents", we are saying that the children walked towards their parents. This
they are walking away.  The inference is that they are walking away from the ice cream.  The inference is that they are walking away from the ice cream.  The inference is that they are walking
it is entailment to say two small children walk outdoors. Premise is two small children walk away in a field. It is entailment to say two small children walk outdoors because it is entailment to say two small children walk outdoors.
mall is a place where kids are not allowed to go.  The inference is that kids are not allowed to go to mall.  The inference is that kids are not allowed to go to mall
they are boys and girls. Premise is a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field. It is entailment to say kids are walking in a field because they are
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the field.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the kids.
they are not riding them.  The inference is that the polo players are practicing with their horses.  The inference is that the polo players are practicing with their horses.  The inference is that the pol
some people are riding bicycles. It is entailment to say some people are riding bicycles because some people are riding bicycles. It is entailment to say some people are riding bicycles because some people are riding bicycles. It is entailment to say some people are
it is not a statement about any particular person. It is a statement about a group of people.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  "The group of siblings are riding their bikes to school
he is selling fruit.  The inference is that the man is selling pirated dvds because he is selling fruit.  The inference is that the
he sells fruit. It is also neutral to say the man is intelligent because he sells fruit in a market. It is also neutral to say the man is intelligent because he sells fruit in a
he is a man. It is entailment to say a man has brown shirt because he is a man. It is entailment to say a man has plaid pants because
it is not a statement about the race of the skateboarders. It is neutral to say race for money because it is not a statement about the race
they are both wearing snowboarders.  Premise is two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white
they are skateboarders. It is entailment to say two skateboarders race because they are wearing t-shirts because they are wearing t-shirts
she is happy.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.
she is smiling. The inference is that the woman is smiling because she is frowning.  The inference is based on the context of the sentence. The inference is not based on the words themselves.
she is smiling. The man is happy because he is smiling. The inference is that the woman is happy because she is smiling at the man.  The inference is correct because the woman is smiling at the
it is not a statement about the biker. It is a statement about the charity event.  The inference is that the biker is riding for the charity event. The
he is wearing glass and a backpack. Premise is entailment to say a biker is close to the fountain because he is wearing glass and a backpack. Premise is entailment to say a b
it is contradictory to say a biker rides next to a fountain.  The inference is that the biker rides near the ocean.  Now, let's say that the biker rides near the
she is nervous about her performance. Premise is entailment because it is a natural language inference. Premise is entailment because it is a
she was too busy with her boyfriend.  The inference is that the
they are not athletes.  The first sentence is a premise. The second sentence is a conclusion. The third
a gal is not holding a stuffed dog.  The inference is that the gal is holding a stuffed cat.  The inference is that the gal is holding a stuffed cat.  The inference is that the gal is
she is smiling. Premise is a woman is smiling because she is holding a stuffed animal. Premise is a woman is smiling because she is holding a stuffed animal. Premise is a woman is smiling because she is holding
it is not a statement about the woman's character. It is a statement about the pose.  Premise is a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat. It is neutral to say a female is posing for the camera
nobody has a trumpet.  The inference is that the boy has a trumpet.  The inference is that the boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band.  The inference is that the boy plays his trumpet during
it is entailment to say a human with a trumpet is playing his trumpet during a performance with his band. Premise is a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band. It is entailment to say a human
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the trumpet.  Premise is a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band. It is neutral to say a great human with a
it is a contradiction to say a kid looks out of a screen door.  Premise is a kid with blond-hair looking out of a screen door. It is contradiction to say a kid looks out of
he is not looking out of the screen door.  Premise is a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door. It is contradiction to say a child is being held by
it is not a statement about the mailman. It is a statement about the kid.  Now, let's say we have a child with blond hair looking out of a
it is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.  The inference is that the fighter plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.  The inference is that the fighter plane
it is not a person. It is a plane. It is not a person. It is not a person. It is a plane. It is not a person. It is a plane.
it is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.  The inference is that the fighter jet plane is not moving because it is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night.
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the ball dropping.  The inference is that the couple are kissing because the ball dropped.  The inference is that the couple are kissing because
it is not a couple throwing food at passing cars.  Premise is a couple about to kiss somewhere. It is contradiction to say a couple is throwing food at passing cars because it is not a couple throwing food at passing cars.
they are in a relationship. Premise is entailment to say a couple is in a relationship because they are kissing. Premise is entailment to say a couple is kissing because they are in a relationship. Premise is entailment to say
she is standing on her toes.  Premise is a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air
she is standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her. It is also neutral to say the baller
she is standing on her toes. Premise is entailment to say the ballerina's leg is lifted behind her because she is
he is suspended in the air.  The inference is that the man in the black hat is suspended in the
he is a daredevil.  The inference is that the man in the black hat is about to jump
it is entailment to say a man in a black hat is swinging.  Premise is a man wearing a black cap is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the painting. The painting is a man. The painting is painting new york city. The painting is painting a city scene. The
he is painting outside. It is entailment to say a man is painting outside because he is painting a city scene. It is entailment to say a man is painting a city scene because he is painting outside.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the dolphins.  The man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.  Premise is a man is painting a
she is doing some sort of craft work. It is entailment to say the woman is doing some sort of craft work because she is sitting. It is entailment
she is sitting down.  Premise is a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background
it is not a statement about her race. It is a statement about her craft work.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The
it is entailment to say a train conductor is standing in a door. Premise is a train conductor is standing in a door. It is entailment to say a train conductor is standing in
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the conductor is standing in the door of the trail.  The inference is that the conductor is walking in the field. The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the coveralls.  Premise is a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail. It is neutral to
they are running. Premise is the dogs run a race at the track. It is entailment to say a group of dogs are racingon a track because they are running. Premise is the dogs run a race
it is neutral to say people are betting on dogs at a track. It is not neutral to say people are betting on dogs at a track because it is not neutral to say people are betting on dogs at a track.
dogs are chasing bunnies at the track.  Premise is the dogs run a race at the track. It is contradiction to say dogs are chasing bunnies in a field because dogs are chasing bunnies
it is a costume. Premise is performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe. It is entailment to say a costume is being worn by a performer
it is not a statement about the actor's identity.  Premise is performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe
the performer is wearing a mask. The performer is wearing a mask because the performer is wearing a robe. The performer is wearing a robe because the performer is wearing a mask. The performer is wearing a mask because the
they are performing at an outdoor theater. It is entailment to say people are performing at an outdoor theater because they are dressed in roman style garb. It is entailment to say people are dressed in
they are performing at an outdoor theater.  The inference is that actors are performing on broadway.  The inference is that actors are performing on broadway.  The inference is that actors
they are performing in a theater. The inference is that the actors are professional entertainers.  The inference is that the actors are professional entertainers.  The inference is that the actors are
of 'x'.  The inference is that the group of adults are smiling because of 'x'.  The inference is that the group of adults are crying hysterically because of 'x'.
they have 'x' on their hands. Premise is a group of adults with 'x' on their hands, smiling. It is entailment to say the group of adults is happy because they have
it is not a statement about their age. It is a statement about their age.  Premise is a group of young adults with 'x' on their hands, smiling. It is neutral
she is standing on the street.  The inference is that the young white girl is standing on the street.  The inference
she is standing on the street in front of a storefront. Premise is entailment because it is entailment.  Premise is entail
it's not a statement about the girl herself. It's a statement about the environment she's standing in.
it is on it's side.  Premise is this off-roading driver has tipped his truck. It is entailment to say a truck is on it's side because it is on it's side.
it was tipped. It is not neutral to say an off-roading truck was totalled because it was tipped.  The same is true for the word "tipped." It is neutral to say an
it is a car.  The inference is that the off-roading driver tipped his truck.  The inference is that the off-roading driver tipped his truck.  The inference
he is wearing a khaki jacket and ball cap. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors walking because he is wearing a khaki jacket and ball cap. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man's actions.  Now, let's say we have a database of images of people wearing khaki jackets and ball caps
he is wearing a khaki jacket and ball cap.  The inference is that the man is walking down the street.  The inference is that the man is walking down the street.
she is speaking.  The inference is that the woman is Armenian.  The inference is that the woman is Armenian because
she is speaking in english.  The inference is that the woman is armenian because she is speaking in english.  The inference is
they are wearing suits.  The inference is that the woman is Armenian, the priests are Armenian, and the men are Armenian.  The inference is
people shopping for veggies and fruit at a market implies people shopping for veggies and fruit at an outdoor market.  Premise is people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market. It is entailment to say people shopping for
it is not specific to any one market. It is specific to a market where people are shopping for vegetables.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  People shopping for vegetables at a nice market
junk is not vegetables.  The inference engine is trained on the data set. It learns the rules of inference. It learns the rules of inference by training on the data set.  The inference engine is trained on
it is not a statement about the boys themselves. It is a statement about the room.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the
they are wearing pants and shirts.  Premise is four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room. It is entailment to say four
it is not possible to have three middle aged men working at desks.  The inference is that the image depicts three middle aged men working at desks.  The inference is that the
he is a librarian. It is also neutral to say man takes library books back from customers because he is a librarian who is laughing and talking to others.  Now, let's say that man is
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say man sells books to crowd because it is not a statement about the books. It is neutral to say man sells books to crowd because it is not a statement
chair is a part of man. It is entailment to say man is laughing because he is handling books because books are a part of man. It is entailment to say man is talking because he is handling
camel rider is not a motorcycle rider.  The inference is that motorcycle rider is a camel rider.  The inference is that motorcycle rider is a camel rider.  The inference is that motorcycle rider is a camel rider.  The
it is not a statement about the motorcycle rider. It is a statement about the bump.  Now, we can say motorcycle rider going over a big bump is a statement about the motorcycle rider. But we can also say motorcycle rider going over
motorcycle rider going over a bump is entailment to say motorcycle rider going over a bump.  Premise is motorcycle rider going over a bump. It is entailment to say motorcycle rider riding over a bump because motorcycle rider going over a bump
it is not possible for three women to sit on a blanket.  Premise is two bearded men sit side by side. It is contradiction to say three women are sitting on a blanket because it is not possible for three women to sit
it is neutral to say two men are sitting together at a park. It is not neutral to say two bearded men are sitting together at a park because it is not neutral to say two men are sitting together at a park.
they are bearded. Premise is two men sit side by side. It is entailment to say they are sitting down because they are bearded. Premise is two men sit side by side. It is entailment to say they are sitting down
there are five individuals standing on grass next to a building. Premise is five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument. It is entailment to say
they are standing next to each other. It is neutral to say the people are friends because they are standing next to each other and holding their own string instruments. It is neutral to say the people are friends because
they are standing on grass.  The inference is that the people are standing on grass.  The inference is that the people are standing on grass.  The inference is that
he is running through grassy area. Conclusion is the boy is in his room because he is running through grassy area.  The inference is that the boy is in his room because he is running through grassy area.
he is running through a grassy area. Premise is the boy is running because he is running through a grassy area. It is entailment to say a boy is running because he is running through a grassy area.
it is a neutral statement. The boy is running through a grassy area is a statement about the boy. The boy is running through a grassy area is a statement about the grassy area. The boy is running through a
they are riding on bikes outside. It is entailment to say they are riding on bikes outside because they are riding on bikes outside. It is entailment to say they are riding on bikes outside because they are riding on
they are on a path.  The inference is that the people are hiking up the mountain.  The inference is that the people are hiking up the mountain.  The inference is that the people are hiking up
it is not a statement about the race itself. It is a statement about the people in the race.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like "Two people are in a bike race." What is the inference?
it is true. It is false to say children are eating cereal because it is false. It is true to say children are eating cereal because it is true. It is false to say children are eating cereal because it is false. It is true
they are not sitting at a table.  Premise is four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast. It is contradiction to say children are sleeping because they are not sitting at a table.  Premise is four children are sitting at
they are sitting at a table. It is entailment to say they are sitting at a table because they are eating breakfast. It is entailment to say they are eating breakfast because they are children. It is entailment to say they are children
she is wearing a white coat.  Premise is a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill. It is contradiction to say a woman is climbing a mountain because she is wearing a white coat.
she is wearing a white coat. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a white coat because she is skiing. Premise is entailment to say a woman is skiing because she is wearing a white coat.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the colorado.  Now, we can infer that the woman is skiing down a snowy hill in colorado because she is
it is not a statement about the man in the black shirt. It is neutral to say a guy is skateboarding on the front steps of the building because it
the person in the black shirt is outside doing something active.  Premise is the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.
they are not pointing guns at each other.  The inference is that the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Premise: A princess in white dress
she was being chased by people.  The inference is that the lady in white gown is being chased by people.  The inference is that the lady in white gown is being chased by
she was seen by many people.  The inference is that she is a lady in white religious gown.  Now, let's say that the lady in white religious gown is
she is holding pink bag in her lap.  Premise is a lady in pink
it is not clear whether she is reaching to shake hands or to pick something from the bag.
she is holding a red bag in her lap.  Premise is a lady in pink long-sleeved bl
it is not a statement about the woman in the red jacket and sunglasses. It is a statement about the woman in the red jacket and
she is smiling at the camera. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment.
the camera is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman in the red jacket and sunglasses is the woman unloading skis from
there are sleds. It is entailment to say there are sleds because there are dogs. It is entailment to say there are dogs because there are sleds. It is entailment to say there are sleds
they are headed towards another group of dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are headed towards another group of sled dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are headed towards another group of sled dogs.
some are sled dogs.  Premise: There are two groups of dogs.Premise: Some are sled dogs.Premise: Some are sled dogs.Premise: Some are
it is entailment to say one man wrestles in uniform.  Premise is two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform. It
they are wrestling.  The inference is that the man with maple leaf is Canadian.  The inference is that the man with maple leaf is
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the sport.  Now, if you say "two men wrestle" you are making a statement about the men
they are not inside of a museum.  The inference is that students are inside of a movie theater because they are not inside of a museum.  The inference is
they are inside of a museum. It is entailment to say students are inside of a museum because they are inside of a museum. It is entailment to say students are
she is trying to have her students enjoy a field trip.  The teacher is trying to have her students enjoy a field trip because she is trying
there are only six people in the picture.
it is not a statement about the color of the police vehicles.
there are two police vehicles in the photo. Prem
it is entailment to say a group of swimmers are jumping into a pool.  Premise is a group of swimmers jump into a pool. It is entailment to say a group of swimmers
they are not in the pool.  The inference is that the group of swimmers are in the pool.  The inference is that the group of swimmers are in
it is not a statement about the swimmers. It is a statement about the pool.  The pool is neutral to say a group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet because
it is not a statement about the man himself.  The inference is that the man is buying cigarettes. The inference is not
the man in the orange turban is holding a basket.  The inference is that the man in the orange tur
the waves are splashing around him.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the premises and conclusions. It is trained to recognize the premises and conclusions.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the premises
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the world.  The person is fishing with waves splashing around him.  The person is fishing with waves spl
it is entailment to say blond-hair and striped shirts. Premise is two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed. It is entailment to say two boys in bed because it is entail
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the room.  The inference is that the boys are sleeping in the room because they are sleeping in the room.  The inference is
they are not in the bed.  The inference is that the boys are playing in the park.  The inference is that the boys are playing in the park.  The inference is that the boys are
they are dressed in pink shirts and pink hats.  The inference is that the drummer is a man.  The inference
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the drums. The inference is that the drums are being
it is entailment to say they are pounding sticks on drums. It is entailment to say they are pounding sticks on
it is not a statement about the machinery. It is a statement about the men.  The inference is that the
they are standing next to each other.  Premise is two men in workers' gear and colorful hard
the men are not wearing workers' gear and hard hats.  The inference is that the men are not
she is brown-haired and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other.  The inference is that the lady is eating sushi at her
it is not specific to any one person.  Now let's say we have a picture of a lady carrying a reusable bag and holding a coffee in one hand and
it is not a statement about the fans. It is a statement about the beer.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "Fans are drinking beer at a sporting event." This sentence
blue and red are not colors of the team.  Premise is fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event. It is contradiction to say the fans are wearing blue and
there are fans dressed in green and yellow. It is entailment to say there are fans at a sporting event because there are fans dressed in green and yellow. It is entailment to say there are fans at
he is cutting fish with his knife. Premise is a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife. It is entailment to say the chef is dicing fish with his knife because
he is cutting fish.  Premise is a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife. It is contradiction to say the chef is at home, fast asleep because he is cutting fish.
it is not a conclusion. The conclusion is that the chef is cutting fish.  Premise is a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife. It is neutral to say the chef is preparing sushi because
it is not cheering for any particular team.  The crowd is cheering for the team below because they are wearing the same colors as the team below.
they are wearing yellow. Premise is a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team
the crowd is cheering for the team below.  The crowd is cheering for the team below because they are cheering for the team below.  The crowd
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  The inference is that the woman is playing a solo piece at church.  The inference is that the woman is playing a solo piece at church.
she is a woman. Premise is a female guitarist is playing on stage. It is entailment to say a woman is playing her instrument because she is playing her instrument. Premise is a female guitarist is playing on stage. It is
the woman is playing the guitar.  The inference is that the woman is playing the guitar on stage.  The inference is that the woman is playing the guitar on stage.  The inference is that the woman is
he was not able to climb the wall. It is not neutral to say a man nearly fell to his death because he was unable to climb the wall.  The first sentence is a fact. The second sentence is a
a man scales a rock climbing wall. Premise is a man scales a rock climbing wall. It is entailment to say a man rock climbing because a man scales a rock climbing wall. Premise is a man scales a rock climbing wall. It
a man is not climbing a rock climbing wall.  The inference is that the man is reading a book.  The inference is that the man is reading a book because the man is not climbing a rock climbing wall.  The inference
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the children.  Now, suppose we want to infer that the family consists of a man and a woman. We can do this by using the following rule:  If
it is entailment to say there is a family sitting outside. It is entailment to say there is a family sitting outside with their children because it is entailment to say there is a family sitting outside. It is
a father is not walking the dog.  The inference is that the father is not walking the dog.  The inference is that the father is not walking the dog.  The inference is that the father is
they are standing in a shopping zone.  Premise is two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation. It is
it is not a statement about the police officers. It is a statement about the shopping zone.  Now let's say we have a sentence that is not
the workers are standing upon it. Premise is construction workers are standing upon a wooden bridge. It is entailment to say the bridge is wood because the workers are standing upon it. Premise is construction workers are standing upon a wooden bridge
they are standing on a wooden bridge. It is also neutral to say the men are nervous because they are standing on a wooden bridge.  The inference is that the men are nervous because they are standing on a wooden bridge.  The
it is wooden.  Premise is construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge. It is contradiction to say the bridge is metal because it is wooden. Conclusion is the bridge is metal.  Premise is construction workers are standing
she is on a float. But it is not neutral to say she is on a float because she is getting her face painted for a parade. The latter is a statement about the woman's identity.  The same is true for
she is wearing a dress. Premise is entailment to say the woman has make-up on her body because she is wearing a dress. Premise is entailment to say the woman has make-up on
she is getting her face painted.  The inference is that the woman is getting her face painted for a parade.  The inference is that the woman is surfing because she is getting her face painted.  The inference is that the
he is wearing a suit and tie.  The inference is that the three men are actually sasquatch.  The inference is that the three
it is not a statement about the men themselves.  Now let's say we want to say that the men
there are three men dressed in suits and ties standing in front of corporate logos.  The inference is that there are three men dressed in suits and ties standing in
it is not a statement about the men themselves.  Now let's say we want to infer that the men are celebrating a business achievement because they are wearing suits and ties
they are standing in front of corporate logos. It is entailment to say they are standing in front of corporate logos because they are three men dressed in suits. It is entail
they are police officers.  The inference is that the police officers are actually security guards.  The inference is that the police officers are actually security guards.  The inference is that the police officers
they are not police officers.  The inference is that the mall cops patrol the parking lot.  The inference is that the mall cops patrol the parking lot.  The inference is that the mall
they are cops.  The inference is that cops keep an eye on the parking lot because they are cops.  The inference is that cops keep an eye on the parking lot
it is not necessary to specify the color of his jacket. However, it is necessary to specify the color of his jacket if he is standing beside a green mailbox.
they are on a snowboard. Premise is entailment to say a snowboarder is performing tricks because they are performing tricks. Premise is entailment to say a snowboarder is performing tricks because they are performing
ice skating is not a trick.  Premise is a person doing a trick on a snowboard. It is contradiction to say a person is ice skating because ice skating is not a trick. Conclusion is that person is ice skating.
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the activity.  Premise is a person doing a trick on a snowboard. It is neutral to say a pro snowboard
the snowboarder is grinding down a concrete rail.  The inference is that the snowboarder is grinding down a concrete rail.  The inference is that the snowboarder is
the snowboarder is grinding a rail. Premise is entailment to say the snowboarder is grinding a rail because the snowboarder is grinding a rail. Premise is entailment to say the
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The fact is that the snowboarder is grinding down the rail. The fact is that the snowboarder is practicing a new trick. The
it is not a jungle gym.  The child is sitting on a bed because it is not a jungle gym.  The child is sitting on a bed because it is not a jungle gym.  The child is
it is entailment to say a child is climbing at the jungle gym. Premise is a child is climbing at the jungle gym. It is entailment to say a child is playing outside on a jungle gym because
it is not a conclusion. It is a conclusion to say a barefoot child climbed at the jungle gym because it is a conclusion.  Premise is a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym. It is neutral to
they are both women. But it is not neutral to say a mother and daughter are chatting because they are both smiling.  The inference is that the mother and daughter are chatting because they are both women.  The
they are smiling. Premise is a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling. It is entailment to say the females are sitting because they are smiling. Premise is a woman and a young girl are sitting down
the girl is smiling.  The inference is that the girl is smiling because the woman is smiling.  The inference is that the girl is smiling because the woman is smiling.  The inference is that the
they are in a field of flowers.  Premise: People are surrounded by flowers.  Premise: People are in a field of yellow flowers.  Premise: People are surrounded by yellow flowers.
they are not moving a sofa.  The inference is that people are moving a sofa because they are moving a sofa.  The inference is that people are moving a sofa because they are moving a sofa.  The
they are yellow. But it is not neutral to say people are picking flowers because they are yellow flowers.  The inference is that people are picking flowers because they are yellow flowers.  The inference is that people are picking flowers
it is not a contradiction to say a young girl with glasses holds two american flags.  The inference is that the girl holds two american flags.  The inference is that the girl
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the 4th of july.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The girl
they are crossing the road.  Premise is 2 women and 2 girls crossing the road. It is entailment to say there are 4 female humans who are moving because they are crossing the road.  Premise
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the group.  Now let's say we have a statement about a group of women and girls laughing. It is a statement about
it is not a natural language inference.  The inference is not natural language inference because it is not a natural language inference.  The inference is not natural language inference because it is not a natural language inference.  The inference
there are pictures. It is entailment to say there are pictures because there are people. It is entailment to say there are people because there are pictures. It is entailment to say there are pictures because there are people
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the activity.  The group is sight seeing and taking pictures.  The group is sight seeing and taking pictures.  The group is sight seeing and
they are sight seeing and taking pictures.  The inference is that the group is sight seeing and taking pictures at home.  The inference is that the group is sight seeing and taking pictures at home.  The inference is
the man is not sitting on the curb.  The inference is that the man is standing on the steps and the girl is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a man is standing on steps. Premise is a man standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress. It is entail
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the man. The inference is that the man is a photographer.  The inference is that the man is
they are looking outside.  The gap store is a store where people can buy things. The gap store is a store where people can buy things. The gap store is a store where people can buy things. The gap
they are looking outside. Premise is a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store. It is entailment to say people are looking outside because they are looking outside. Premise is a crowd of
it is not a statement about the crowd. It is a statement about the gap store.  The crowd is looking at something outside of a gap store.  The crowd is looking at something outside of a gap
he is playing with the chickens. Premise is a little boy playing with two rubber chickens. It is contradiction to say the boy is asleep because he is playing with the chickens. Premise is a little boy playing with two rubber chickens. It is
it is a fact. The inference is that the boy is playing with rubber chickens outdoors.  Premise is a little boy playing with two rubber chickens. It is neutral to say the boy is outdoors because it is a fact. The inference is
he is playing with rubber chickens. Premise is entailment to say the boy is playing with toys because he is playing with rubber chickens. Premise is entailment to say the boy is playing with toys because he is playing with rubber
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the situation. The inference is that the man is having fun because he is on skis on a mountain.  Now, let
he is wearing a puffy yellow jacket. Premise is man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain. It is entailment to say the man is outside because he is wearing a puffy yellow jacket.
he is on a mountain.  The inference is that the man is on a chair in his house.  The inference is that the man is on a chair in his house.
she is carrying a laundry basket.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a bathing suit because she is carrying a laundry basket.  The inference is
she is carrying a laundry basket. It is also neutral to say the woman is carrying a laundry basket because she is wearing a black and white dress.  Now let's
she is carrying a laundry basket. Premise is entailment to say the woman is wearing a dress because she is carrying a laundry basket. Premise is entailment
dogs don't sleep in dog beds.  The inference is that dogs sleep in dog beds.  The inference is that dogs sleep in dog beds.  The inference is that dogs sleep in dog beds
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is neutral to say two dogs are playing catch at the park because it is not a statement about the park. It is neutral to say two dogs are playing catch
they are playing catch with a red frisbee. Premise is the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee. It is entailment to say two dogs are playing together because they are playing catch with
they are treasure hunters. It is neutral to say treasure hunters flock to an estate sale because they are treasure hunters. It is neutral to say treasure
there are many people in a room with furniture. Premise is there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them. It is entailment to say people are indoors because
they are not happy.  The inference engine is trained to find the most probable meaning of the sentence. The inference engine is trained to find the most
the boy is not at the table. The inference is that the boy is at the lake swimming.  The inference is that the boy is at the lake swimming.
it is not a statement about the men or the boy. The inference is that the men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts.  The inference is that
there are four men and a boy.  Premise is four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts. It is entailment to say
she is attending to her laundry. Premise is entailment to say a woman is attending to her laundry because she is doing laundry. Premise is entailment to say a woman is doing laundry because she is attending to her
nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat.  The inference is that the woman is doing laundry at the laundromat.  The inference is that the woman is doing laundry at the laundrom
it does not imply anything about her gender. However, it is not neutral to say a woman is folding her pants at the laundromat because it implies that she is a woman.  The
they are facing each other.  Premise is the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open. It is entailment to say two bears are looking at each other with mouths open because
they are facing each other with their mouths wide open.  The inference is that the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.  The inference is that the bears are facing each other with their
it is not a statement about the bears. It is a statement about the woods.  Now, we can say that the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open because they
he leads the way.  Premise is a man leads the way in a race. It is contradiction to say the man is last place in the race because he leads the way.  Premise is a man leads
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is leading the race.  Premise is a man leads the way in a race. It is neutral to say the man is running a marathon because it is not a fact
he is leading the way. Premise is a man leads the way in a race. It is entailment to say the man is currently competing because he is leading the way. Premise is a man leads the way in a race.
they are playing in the pool.  Premise is the children play in the pool. It is entailment to say the children are in the water because they are playing in the pool.  Premise is the children play in the
it is a neutral statement. But if you say the children are playing marco polo, you are inferring that they are playing marco polo.  Now, if you say the children are playing marco polo,
they are playing in the pool.  The inference is that the children are playing in the pool.  The inference is that the children are studying fractions inside the classroom.  The inference is that the children are playing in the
he is riding a motocross. Premise is entailment to say the rider is riding a motocross because he is in the air. Premise is entailment to say the rider is riding a mot
it is not a statement about the rider's identity. It is a statement about the rider's action.  The same is true for the following sentence:  Premise is a mot
she rides a bike through the grass.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer
the man in the black hat is not a musician.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the statement. The inference engine is trained
it is not a statement about the man himself. The man is wearing a black hat. The man is standing on the street. The man is playing an electric guitar. The man is
he is wearing a black hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a black hat because he is standing on the street. Premise is entailment to say
he is not getting lots of air.  The inference is that the man is asleep because he is not getting lots of air.  The inference is that the man is asleep because he is
he is getting lots of air at a skatepark. Premise is entailment to say a guy riding a skateboard because he is getting lots of air at a skatepark. Premise is entail
it is not a fact. It is a statement about a fact.  Now, we can infer that the guy is riding a skateboard in the rain because he is getting lots of
they are watching him. Premise is entailment to say a person is driving on dirt because he is driving on dirt. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a race car driver.  The inference engine is a computer program that can understand the sentence and determine the truth value of the sentence
it is not a statement about the biker himself. It is a statement about the biker's actions.  Now, let's say that the
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The inference is that the old man is playing the guitar because he is old.  The inference is based on the assumption that the old man is old. The inference is
it is entailment to say a group of old people are outdoors.  Premise is some elderly people are playing instruments in a park. It is entailment to say a group of old people are outdoors playing
they are playing instruments in the park.  The inference is that the old people are playing instruments in the park.  The inference is that the old people are sleeping in the living room because they are playing instruments
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the field of sunflowers.  Now, we can say that the child is happy because it is surrounded by sunflowers. But we can
the kid is surrounded by flowers.  The child is surrounded by flowers.  Premise is a kid is surrounded by flowers.  Conclusion is a kid is surrounded by flowers.  Premise is a
old people don't grow sunflowers.  The inference is that the child is surrounded by sunflowers.  The inference is that the child is surrounded by sunflowers.
it yawned. Premise is dog yawns. It is entailment to say a dog has its mouth open because it yawned. Premise is dog yawns. It is entailment to say a dog has its mouth open because it yawned.
it is a natural language inference. But it is not neutral to say a yawning dog is tired because it is a natural language inference.  The same thing happens with natural language inference. Premise is dog yawns. It is neutral to say
it is a dog. Conclusion is dog is singing the national anthem.  Premise is dog is singing the national anthem. It is contradiction to say a dog is singing the national anthem because it is a dog. Conclusion is dog is singing the national anthem
a boy is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.  The inference is that the boy is playing with a firetruck.  The inference is that the boy is playing with
she is standing in a kitchen. Premise is entailment to say a girl is standing in a kitchen because she is holding a green bib. Premise is entailment to say a girl is standing
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the food. The inference is that the girl just finished eating because she is holding a green bib.  The inference is that the girl just
they are boarding a boat.  The inference is that people are boarding boats at a nascar race.  The inference is that people are boarding boats at a nascar race.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say people are boarding and disembarking some boats.  Premise is a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats. It is entailment to say people are boarding and
it is a neutral statement. However, it is not neutral to say people are starting and leaving a boat tour because it is a negative statement.  The inference is that people are starting and leaving a boat
it is not a statement about the people waiting. It is a statement about the home.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  People waiting outside of a home to visit their
they are waiting for food.  The inference is that people waiting outside of a home are waiting to visit.  The inference is that people waiting in line at a fast food restaurant are waiting for food.
they are waiting to visit. It is entailment to say people standing outside of a house because they are waiting to visit. It is entailment to say people standing outside of a house because they are waiting to visit. It is entail
it is licking a white dog.  The inference is that the dog is black and white.  The inference is that the dog is black and white.  The inference is that the
it is licking the smaller dog. Premise is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment
it is licking the dog.  The inference is that the dog is happy because it is licking the dog.  The inference is that the dog is happy because it is licking the dog.
the shortcut is not possible.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction between the premises and the conclusion. If
the scooter rider is not wearing racing gear.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentences
the premise is a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence. Premise is entail
he is jumping rope.  Premise is a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants
it is a fact. The inference is that the man works in the office because he is jumping rope and smiling. The inference is that the man
he is jumping rope and smiling.  Premise is a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the male is playing in a tournament. The inference is that the male is playing in a tournament because he is a male with a prosthetic leg.  The
he is diving for a volleyball. Premise is entailment to say the male has at least one prosthetic leg because he is diving for a volleyball. Premise is entailment to say the male has
he is diving for a volleyball.  The inference is that the male is playing soccer because he is diving for a volleyball.  The inference is that the male is playing soccer because he is diving for a volleyball.
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man skates outside because he is a man who skates outside. Premise is entailment to say a man skates outside because he is a man
he yawned and stretched.  Premise is a man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs. It is contradiction to say a man yawns and stretches, tired
they are women. It is entailment to say they are drinking because they are in tank tops. It is entailment to say they are drinking because they are in tank tops because they are women. It is entailment to say they are
they are not making out.  The inference is that they are making out.  The inference is that they are making out.  The inference is that they are making out.  The inference is that they are making
it is not a statement about them. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that they are drinking because they are on vacation.  The inference is that they are on vacation because they are drinking.
they are not interested in the venue.  Premise is a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue. It is entailment to
they are not here.  Premise is a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue. It is contradiction to say a group of people are excited to be here
they are not interested in the event.  Premise is a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue. It is neutral to say a group of people
everybody has a hat.  The inference engine is a computer program that can make inferences based on the premises. The inference
it is not a statement about the person's height. It is a statement about the person's hat.  Prem
of the sunset is an old man. Premise is entailment to say a person with boots because of the sunset is
they are dumping soil onto the ground. It is entailment to say the young men are working outside because they are working outside. It is entailment to say the young men are working outside because they are
it is neutral. It is not neutral to say the young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard because it is not neutral.
they are dumping soil onto the ground.  The inference is that the young men are dumping soil onto the ground because they are lazing about on the
it is neutral to say two men are emptying their catch from a barrel.  Premise is two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents. It is neutral to say two
they are two different genders.  The inference is that the two men are working together to empty the barrel.  The inference is that the two men are working together to empty the barrel.
they are working together. Premise is two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents. It is entailment to say two men are emptying a barrel because they are working together. Premise
she is a woman.  The inference is that the man is mysterious and the woman cuts eggplant.  The inference is that the man is mysterious and the woman cuts eggplant.
it is neutral to say a man approaches a woman's house on business. It is neutral to say a man approaches a woman's house on business because it is neutral to say
he is wearing a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert.  The inference is a man looks mysterious because he is wearing a blue shirt and a red truck for a
he is at the doorway. It is entailment to say a man is seated because he is at the doorway because he is at the doorway. It is entailment to say a man is seated because he is at the doorway because he is
it is not necessary to mention his profession. The man is a barber because he is sitting at the doorway of a barber shop.  The inference is that the man is a barber because he is sitting at the doorway
he is sitting at the doorway. So, we have to infer that the man is standing in the roof.  Now, we have to infer that the man is standing in the roof. So, we have to infer that
it is not a natural language inference.  The inference is that the young man is the one riding the skateboard. The inference is not that the young man is the one who
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top
he is a young man in an orange shirt.  Premise is a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp. It is entail
he is spinning or he is dizzy because he is running. The inference is that he is dizzy because he is spinning. Premise is a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground. It is neutral
he is running in a playground. It is not neutral to say he is running in a playground because he is outside.  The inference is that he is outside because he is running in a playground.  The inference is that
he is not running in it.  The inference is that the boy is running in the tunnel.  The inference is that the boy is running in the tunnel.  The inference is that the boy is
it is neutral to say enjoy the town. It is not neutral to say enjoy the town on foot or by bike because it is not neutral to say enjoy the town.  The inference is that
they are not men.  The inference is that the robbers are men.  The inference is that the robbers are men.  The inference is that the robbers are men.
it is not a statement about the bikes themselves. It is a statement about the rental price.  Now let's say we want to say that bikes are rented for 9.99 an
the man is buying shoes and the boy is buying shoes.  The inference is that the man is buying shoes for himself and the boy is buying shoes for himself.  The inference is that the man is
they are behind the car's steering wheel.  Premise is a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car. It is entailment to say the little boy and the
it is not a statement about the man or the boy. It is a statement about the car.  The inference is that the man is teaching the boy about cars because the man is behind the
they are asian men. Premise is three men are running down a track holding hands. Premise is three men are running down a track holding hands. Premise is three men
it is not specific to any particular religion. It is also neutral to say three men are running down a track holding hands because it is not specific to any particular race. It is also
they are holding hands.  The inference is that the men are running down the track holding hands.  The inference is that the men are running down the track holding hands.
it is not a statement about the flautist. It is a statement about the girl.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Premise: A
the girl is walking down the road playing a flute. Premise is entailment to say the girl is walking down the road playing a flute because she is wearing a green coat
the cat is not a girl.  The inference is that the girl is playing the flute.  The inference is that the girl is playing the flute.
it is not a statement about the score itself. It is a statement about the group of female athletes.  The inference is that the score is about to be planned because the group of female athletes are excited.
they are excited because they are female athletes.  Premise is a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited. It is neutral to say they are huddled together because they are working together
they are all female.  The inference is that the group of female athletes are excited because they are underwater.  The inference is that the group of female athletes are excited because they are underwater.
the runner is posing for a picture. Premise is entailment to say the runner is posing for a picture because the runner is posing for a picture. Premise is entailment to say the runner is posing
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the runner. The inference is that the runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot. The inference is not a fact. It is a statement about the
he poses for a picture with friends. Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is false
the nurse is not listening to the woman's heartbeat.  The nurse is listening to the woman's heartbeat with a stethoscope.  The nurse is taking the temperature of the woman.
she is a nurse.  The nurse is listening to another woman's heartbeat with a stethoscope. It is entailment to say a woman in the doctors office because she is a nurse.
it is a neutral statement. The nurse is listening to the woman's heartbeat. The nurse is listening to the woman's heartbeat. The nurse is listening to the woman's heartbeat. The nurse is listening to
the sun is visible. It is entailment to say the surface of the earth is visible because the moon is visible. It is entailment to say the surface of the earth is visible because the stars are
the sun is always at its highest point of the day.  Premise is a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset. It is contradiction to say the sun is
they are on top of the rocks. It is not neutral to say the faces are visible because they are on top of the rocks.  The inference is that the faces are visible because they are on top
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  Premise is two sweet young girls on ice skates
they are not on ice skates.  The inference is that the two girls are synchronized swimmers.  The inference is
it is entailment to say two females skating on ice. It is entailment to say skating because it is entailment to say performance. It is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the pond.  Now, let's say we have a photo of a man taking a photo in front of a pond.
he is white. Premise is a white man taking a photo in front of water. It is contradiction to say a man is using the restroom because he is white. Premise is a white man taking a photo in front of
it is entailment to say a man is white. Premise is entailment to say a man is white because it is entailment to say a man is taking a photo. Premise is entailment to say a
he is carrying a branch.  Premise is a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch. It is entailment to say there is one man in this picture, and he is outside because
he is a good neighbor.  The inference is that the man is a good neighbor because he is cleaning up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before.  The inference
the man is wearing a bright shirt.  The inference is that the man is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a huge maple tree.  The inference is that
the man is wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-
he is shown in midair.  Premise is a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet
he is doing something that is not skiing. The man is doing a trick on
they are playing instruments together.  The inference is that the two men are playing music together
he is playing the drums in the dark room.  The inference is
it is neutral to say a band is auditioning for the owners of
some adults are looking.  The inference is that some adults are looking at some young ladies.  The inference is that some young ladies are looking because some adults are looking.
some children are looking.  The inference is that some children are looking at some ladies.  The inference is that some children are looking at some ladies.
some are awake.  The inference is that some children are awake.  The inference is that some children are awake.  The inference is that some children are awake.  The
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the water fountain. The boy is standing near the fountain. The fountain is squirting water. The
he is standing outside.  The inference is that the young boy is standing outside because he is squirting water.  The inference is that the young boy is standing
he is standing near a water fountain. Premise is very young boy is standing near a water fountain that is squirting water. Premise is very young boy
it is not true that the dog was running across the snow.  The inference is that the dog was running across the snow.  The inference is that the dog was running across the snow.  The inference is that the
it is white. Premise is the dog is outside because it is white. Premise is the dog is outside because it is white. Premise is the dog is outside because it is white. Premise is the dog is outside because it is
it is a dog. It is not neutral to say the dog was a husky because it was a white dog.  Premise is the white dog runs across the snow. It is neutral to say the dog was a husky because
somebody is dancing.  The inference is that the man is dancing with the woman.  The inference is that the man is dancing with the woman.  The
it is implied by the premises.  The inference is that dancing is going on a room because it is implied by the premises.  The inference
it is not clear whether it is a dance hall or a living room.  The inference is that the man is dancing with the woman. The
they are parked in a garage.  The inference is that the cars are racing each other. The inference is that the cars are racing
they are racing each other.  Premise is two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a
they are racing each other. It is entailment to say two cars are racing because they are racing each other. It is entailment to say two cars are
it is not clear whether he is training them to be soldiers or to be pilots. The inference is that he is training them to be soldiers.  The inference is that he is training them to be soldiers.
he is pointing at the military uniform.  The inference is that the man is at the supermarket.  The inference is that the man is at the supermarket.  The inference is that the man is at the
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is wearing a military uniform. It is a fact that three men are watching. It is a fact that three men are watching a man in military uniform. It is a
he is not a doctor.  The conclusion is that superman is not a doctor.  The inference is that superman is not a doctor.
it is neutral to say a group shows up to an event to support research on parkinsons. The group is not a group of people
they are the ones who are suffering from it.  The first sentence is a statement of fact. The second sentence is a statement of opinion
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the person riding the bike.  The inference is that the person is riding their bike to lunch. The inference is that the person
there is a person with a green backpack. Premise is a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road. It is entailment to say there is a person with a green backpack
the person is riding a bike.  The inference engine can infer that the person is riding a bike because the person is walking.  The inference engine can infer that the person is walking because the person is riding a
it is not specific to a person. The inference is that the woman in the blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.  The inference is that the woman in the blue striped shirt is talking
she is wearing a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street. Premise is entailment to say a woman wearing a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street. Premise is entailment
she is not talking to someone on the street.  The inference is that the woman in the blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.  The inference is that the woman in the blue
they are posing for a picture. Premise is entailment to say some people are outside kneeling because they are posing for a picture with their dog by
cats are not dogs.  The inference is that the group of people holding cats are posing for a picture with their cats.
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the group.  Now, let's
she is a woman. It is also contradiction to say a woman cuts herself because she is a woman.  Premise is man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack. It is contradiction to say a woman cuts herself because she
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the quad.  Now, if we say the man races on a quad in a charity event, we are making a statement
it is entailment to say a man racing on a dirt track. Premise is man racing a quad on a dirt track. Premise is entailment to say a man racing on a dirt track because it is entail
blond woman is not holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of
it is not a statement about the blond woman. Premise is a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman
she is blond. Premise is entailment because blond woman is looking at a camera. Premise is entailment because brunette woman
the child is sitting on a park bench.  Premise: A soccer ball is used for support.  Premise: A child is sitting on a park bench.
she is sitting on a park bench.  Premise: A girl is sitting on a park bench.  Conclusion: A girl is sitting on a park bench.
it is not specific to any one child. The boy is playing with other children.  Now, let's say we want to say that the boy is playing with a soccer ball.
he is wearing a shirt with a character from the simpsons.  The inference is that the boy is playing with a ball because he is
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's relationship with his sister
he is wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds
he is going to hit it.  The inference is that the player in white is going
they are both dribbling.  Premise is the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him. It is entailment
they are both wearing basketball uniforms.  The inference is that the player in white is a basketball
they are playing basketball. Premise is two men are playing during a basketball game. It is entailment to say two men are playing because they are playing basketball. Premise is two men are playing during a basketball game. It is entailment
they are playing basketball.  Premise is two men are playing during a basketball game. It is contradiction to say two men are fighting each other to the death because they are playing basketball.  Premise is two
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the players.  The inference is that the two men are playing basketball. The inference is that the two men are playing basketball because they are playing
it is true. But it is not true to say that all dogs are running to their owner because it is not true. So, we can infer that the dogs are running to their owner.  Now, let's say we have a
it is not running. But it is not contradiction to say a dog is running in a car. So, we can infer that the dog is running in the car.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The
they are running. Premise is two little white dogs running. It is entailment to say two dogs are moving because they are running. Premise is two little white dogs running. It is entailment to say two dogs are moving because they are running.
they enjoy it. It is entailment to say women are playing ping pong because they enjoy table tennis. It is entailment to say women are playing ping pong because they enjoy table tennis. It is entailment to say women are
she lost all her games. It is also neutral to say one woman really sucks at playing ping pong because she lost all her games.  Now let's say we have a woman who really sucks at playing ping pong
they are playing table tennis.  The inference is that women are reading books because they are playing table tennis.  The inference is that women are reading books because they are playing table tennis.  The inference is that women are reading books because
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that they are working on the tracks at nighttime. It is a statement of fact that they are working on the tracks at nighttime. It is
there are railroad workers working on the tracks at night.  Premise is railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime. It is entailment to say there are people outside at night because there are railroad workers working on the tracks at
they are working at night.  The inference is that railroad workers are working at night because they are blinded by the sun.  The inference is that railroad workers are working at night because they are blinded by the sun.
she is wearing a skirt. Premise is entailment to say this woman is picking out vegetables at a local market because she is wearing a skirt. Premise is entailment to say this woman is
she is wearing a skirt.  The inference engine will take the premise and infer the conclusion. The inference engine will take the premise and infer the conclusion.  The inference engine will take the premise and
the sun was shining during the night.  The inference is that the ball was in the air during the night.  The inference is that the ball
the ball is in the air. It is entailment to say the ball is in the air because the soccer players are playing a night game. It is
it is not a statement about the outcome of the game.  The inference is that the ball is in the air and the two teams are fighting for
it is a scruffy man standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes.  Premise is a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping
the scruffy man is standing in front of the red shopping cart.  The inference is that the scruffy man is the owner of the red shopping cart
it is not a statement about the homeless man. It is a statement about the shopping cart.  The inference is that the homeless man is standing in front of the shopping cart.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the woman's clothing.  Now, let's say that the woman is sad because she is dancing
it is a contradiction to say a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. Premise is a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing
she is dancing. Premise is entailment to say a person wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing because she is dancing. Premise is entailment to
they are standing with their bicycles. It is also neutral to say the people are standing with their bicycles because they are taking a break from riding their bicycles.  The inference is that the people are taking a break from riding their bicycles
they are standing with their bicycles.  The inference is that people are standing with their bicycles.  The inference is that people are sitting on their unicycles.  The inference is that people are sitting on their bicycles.
they are standing with them. Premise is people standing with their bicycles. It is entailment to say the bicycles are beside the people because they are standing with them. Premise is people standing with their bicycles. It is entailment to say the
they are both dressed up. It is entailment to say a man wearing a tuxedo is wearing a tuxedo because he is wearing a
they are both wearing suits. However, it is not neutral to say the two men are at a wedding because they are both wearing suits. The first sentence
they are wearing formal attire.  The inference is that the man in the suit is the man with glasses. The inference is not
he is a carpenter.  The inference is that the man is a carpenter because he draws a caricature of a woman.  The inference is that the man is a carpenter because he draws a caricature of a woman.
he is a man. Premise is a man draws a caricature of a woman. Premise is entailment to say a man drawing because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man drawing because he is a man. Prem
it is not a caricature of his wife. It is a caricature of a woman.  Premise is a man draws a caricature of a woman. It is neutral to say a man drawing a caricature of his wife because it
they are tired.  The inference is that roller derby players are skating around the rink.  The inference is that roller derby players are laying down after the match because they are tired.  The inference is that roller
it is not about the players. It is about the activity.  Premise is many roller derby players skating around the rink at practice. It is neutral to say roller derby players skating around the rink at practice because it
roller derby players skating around the rink is entailment to say roller derby players skating around the rink. Premise is many roller derby players skating around the rink. It is entailment to say roller derby players skating around the rink because
it is a neutral statement.  Now, let's say we want to say that the referee is a woman. We can say that the referee is a woman because
there are people skating fiercely during it.  Premise is people, mainly women and 2 referees, are skating fiercely during a roller derby match. It is entailment to say there
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the situation. The statement is true if the rollerskater is leading and true if she is behind.
she is the number eight roller skater. Premise is the number eight roller skater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red
she is ahead of her competitors. It is entailment to say a skater ahead of the competition in a race because she is ahead of her competitors
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the ice cream.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is eating vanilla
he is not eating sushi in his bathtub.  The inference is that the man is eating ice cream in his bathtub.  The inference is that
he is eating an ice cream cone. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors because he is wearing black and white. Premise is entailment to say the man is
it is not a statement about the man teaching his grandson.  The inference is that the older man is teaching
the premise is true. Premise is true because the premise is true. Premise is true because the premise is true.
there is no boxing at the gym.  The inference is that the premises are true. The inference is that the premises are
workers are removing ice from a walkway.  The inference is that workers are removing ice from a walkway.  The inference is that workers are having a coffee break because workers are removing ice from a walkway.  The
it is not a statement about the workers. It is a statement about the walkway.  The inference is that workers are removing ice from a walkway in front of a school.  The inference
workers are removing ice from a walkway.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.
it is not a statement about oriental women. It is a statement about rice.  Now, if you want to say that oriental women are walking in the field of rice, you can say
they are not chasing each other.  The inference is that the old women are gathering rice from the fields.  The inference is that the old women are gathering rice from the fields.  The inference
it is not a statement about their race. It is a statement about their age.  Now, if you say "two oriental older women are gathering rice from the fields" you are making a statement about their race
there are two men sparring.  Premise is two men sparring. It is contradiction to say there is only one person present because there are two men sparring.  Premise is two men sparring. It is contradiction
it is not a description of their gear. It is neutral to say they are wearing black gear because it is not a description of their gear. It is neutral to say they are wearing black gear because it is not a description of their gear.
there are two men sparring. Premise is two men sparring. It is entailment to say there are multiple people present because there are two men sparring. Premise is two men sparring. It is entailment to say there
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the cameras.  Now, if you say "people standing at a beach being filmed by cameras", you are making a statement about the people. You are
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the environment.  The next step is to say that the people are taking pictures. This is a statement about the people.  The
they are not at the beach.  The inference is that people are sitting on top of a deck near a beach.  The inference is that people are sitting on top of a deck near a beach.
it is neutral. It is not neutral to say a man and woman are recording a scene because it is not neutral.  Premise is a man and woman setup a camera. It is neutral to say a man and woman
a man and woman are not working on a washing machine.  The inference is that the man and woman are working on a washing machine.  The inference is that the man and woman are working on a washing machine.
it is entailment to say two people setup a camera. Premise is a man and woman setup a camera. It is entailment to say two people setup a camera because it is entailment to say two people setup a camera. Premise
the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.  The inference is that the boy
the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass. Premise is two children are looking
it is not a statement about the children. It is neutral to say the boy is using
there are two individuals. Premise is two individuals use a photo kiosk. It is entailment to say there are two individuals because there are two individuals. Premise is two individuals use a photo kiosk. It is entailment to say there
they are both in the photo. The inference is that they are together because they are both in the photo.  The inference is that they are together because they are both in the photo.  The inference is that they are together because they are
they are not on a bike.  Premise is two individuals use a photo kiosk. It is contradiction to say the people are on a bike because they are not on a bike. Conclusion is two individuals use a photo kiosk.
it is not necessary to specify the child's gender. However, it is necessary to specify the gender of the chair.  The child is a boy.  The chair
there is one child in the picture. Premise is a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair. It is entailment to say there is one child in this picture because there is one child
he is playing on a beach.  The child is playing on a beach because he is playing on a beach.  Premise is a young child plays on a beach
she is wearing a shirt with a southern flag on it.  Now let's say we want to infer that she lives in the south because
the woman is wearing a shirt tied into a semi-halter.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a shirt tied into a semi-hal
she is holding a can of bud light.  Premise is a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into
dumpster is not near pizza restaurant.  The inference is that man stands by some boxes near a dumpster.  The inference is that man stands by some boxes near a dumpster.
a man cannot stand near a load of boxes on fire.  The inference is that the man is standing near a load of boxes that are not on fire.  The inference is that the
he is near a pizza restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a man stands by boxes because he is near a pizza restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a man stands by boxes because he is near a
he has a grocery bag.  The inference is that the man is wearing a t shirt.  The inference is not that the man is wearing a t shirt.  The
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the grocery store.  The inference is that the man just went shopping at the grocery store. The inference is not
he is crossing the street. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a jacket because he is crossing the street. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a jacket because
the woman is yelling. The crowd is not yelling. The crowd is not engaged with the woman. The crowd is not engaged with the auditorium. The crowd is not engaged with the woman yelling
a woman yells.  The inference is that the woman yells because a group of people gathers.  The inference is that the woman yells because a group of people gathers.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the nature of the protest. It is a statement about the nature of the crowd.  The crowd is gathering because of the woman's yelling. The woman is yelling because of the crowd. The crowd
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the building.  The same is true for the statement "People are gathered outside of the building." It is
it is a building. Premise is lot of people are gathered in front of a building. It is entailment to say people gather in front of a building because it is a building. Premise is lot of people
they are outside.  The inference engine will try to find a sentence that is consistent with the premises.  The inference engine will try to find a sentence that is consistent with the premises.  The inference engine will
she is a girl. Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. It is entailment to say a health worker is evaluating a girl because she is a girl. Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. It
the health worker is a man.  Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. It is contradiction to say a health worker is evaluating the health of a young boy because the health worker is a man.
it is a fact. However, it is not neutral to say a health worker is evaluating a girl on her sickness because it is a fact. Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. It is neutral to say
someone is wearing a black sweater and jeans. Premise is entailment to say someone is wearing a black sweater and jeans because someone is wearing a black sweater and jeans. Premise is entail
it is not a girl pouring water into a coca cola bottle.  Now, let's say that the girl is pouring water into a coca col
the ocean is not empty.  Premise is a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle. It is contradiction to say a girl pours water
they are playing rugby. It is entailment to say there is mud on the rugby players because they are covered in mud. It is entailment to say there is mud on the rugby players because they are playing rugby. It is
they are playing rugby.  The inference is that the men are covered in mud because they are playing rugby.  The inference is that the men are covered in mud because they are playing rugby.  The inference is that
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  Now, we can infer that men are playing rugby because it is raining. We can infer that it rained recently because it is raining.  Now, we can infer
she is holding a golden colored axe. Premise is entailment to say a woman holds an axe because she is wearing a hooded type coat. Premise is entailment to say a woman wears a hood
a woman holds a golden colored axe.  The inference is that the woman is holding a golden colored axe.  The inference is that the woman is holding a golden colored axe.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the axe. The axe is a metal object. Therefore, the woman is holding a metal object.  Premise is a woman in
he is wearing a sweatshirt and hat. The man is fixing a bike because he is wearing a gray sweatshirt and orange hat. The man is fixing a bike because
he is wearing a gray sweatshirt and orange hat. Premise is entailment to say the roofer is outside working because he is wearing a gray sweatshirt and
he is putting on shingles. But it is not neutral to say the roofer is putting on shingles because he is putting on shing
he is not sitting on the floor.  Premise is a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has
it is entailment to say a guy jumps high in a room with a fireplace.  Premise is a
he is wearing jeans and a brown shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man jumps high because he is in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden
he split his legs with his mouth open. Premise is man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open. It is entailment to say a man is jumping because he split his legs with
he is jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.  Premise is man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open. It is contradiction to say
it is neutral to say a man is performing in front of a crowd. It is neutral to say a man is performing in front of a crowd because it is neutral to say a man is performing
they are asian. It is entailment to say they are selling fruits because they are women. It is entailment to say they are selling fruits because they are asian women. It is entailment to say they are selling fruits
they are not selling fruits.  The inference is that black women are selling fruits at the beach.  The inference is that black women are selling fruits at the beach.  The inference is that black women are
it is entailment to say women sell fruits. It is entailment to say women sell fruits because it is entailment to say women sell fruits. It is entailment to say women sell fruits because it is entailment
it is raining outside. It is not neutral to say it is raining because it is raining outside. It is not neutral to say it is raining because it is raining outside. It is not neutral to say it is raining
women are waiting under umbrellas.  The inference is that women are waiting under umbrellas because the market is closed.  The inference is that women are waiting under umbrellas because the
women wait under them. Premise is women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market. It is entailment to say the umbrellas are open because women wait under them.
construction worker is a noun phrase. Construction worker is a noun phrase because construction worker is a noun phrase. Construction worker is a noun phrase because construction worker is a noun phrase. Construction worker is a noun phrase because construction worker is a noun phrase. Construction
he is the boss. But it is not neutral to say this worker is in charge of everyone because he is the boss of everyone.  The first sentence is neutral because it is not a conclusion. The second sentence is not neutral because
he is looking at the job site.  The inference engine is built to handle this type of inference. It is built to handle the type of inference that is required to handle the type of reasoning that is required to handle the type
the two defenders are in red.  The inference is that the basketball player on the white team makes the basket because the two defenders are
it is entailment to say a basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block
there are two men playing cards at starbucks.  The inference is that the basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two
they are sitting on a rock. Premise is two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance. It is entailment to say two people are outdoors because they are sitting on a rock. Premise is two
the diver is swimming down to the water surface.  The inference is that the diver is swimming down to the water surface.  The inference is that the diver is swimming down to the water surface
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The two people are looking for a good camping
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the book.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book because she is
she is holding book and yellow paper star. Premise is woman smiling while holding book and yellow paper star. It is entailment to say the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling because she is
it is not a negative statement. It is also neutral to say the woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star in the home because it is not a positive statement.  Now, let's say we
she is frowning.  The inference is that the woman is smiling because she is smiling.  The inference is that the woman is frown
she is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment.
she is smiling because she is happy.  The inference is that the girl is happy because she is smiling.  The
girls are not men.  Premise is a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog. It is contradiction to say they are girls there too because girls are not men.  Premise is a man in
he was fixing himself a hotdog.  The child was happy because he was fixing himself a hotdog.  The child was happy because he was fixing himself a hotdog.  The child was happy because he was
one was fixing herself a hotdog and the other was fixing herself a sandwich.  The inference is that the man in the tank top is fixing himself a hotdog.  The inference is that the man in the tank top
he is shirtless.  Premise is a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller. It is entailment to say a man is painting a wall because he
he is painting over it.  Premise is a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller. It is contradiction to say a man is scrubbing graffiti
it is neutral to say a shirtless man paints a wall red. It is not neutral to say a shirtless man paints a wall red because it is not neutral to say a shirtless man
he is riding on the sidewalk. The man is riding on the sidewalk because he is riding on the sidewalk. The man is riding on the sidewalk because he
he is wearing cycle gear. Premise is entailment to say the man is riding fast down a trail because he is wearing cycle gear. Prem
he is on a bicycle.  Now we have a new premise, a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast
they are both men.  The inference is that the woman is a man.  The inference is that the woman is a man.  The inference is
the man is holding a paddle.  The inference is that the woman is dancing.  The inference is that the woman is dancing.
he is married to her. It is also neutral to say a guy paddles for his wife because he is married to her. It is also neutral to say
they are asian. It is not neutral to say asians spot what they think is a ufo and take pictures because they are ufo spotters.  The first sentence is neutral
they are taking pictures of something unidentified.  The inference is that asians are taking pictures of soccer players in the park.  The inference is that asians are taking pictures of soccer players in the park.
they are taking pictures. Premise is asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing. It is entailment to say asians take pictures because they are taking pictures. Premise is asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified
they are standing outside.  The inference is that the group of friends are standing outside watching the movie.  The inference is that the group of friends are
it is entailment to say a group stands on the street in front of a brick wall. Premise is entailment to say a group
it is not a statement about the brick wall. It is a statement about the group of friends.  Now, let's say
he is pushing a cart. But it is not neutral to say he is stealing display boards because he is pushing a cart.  The inference is that he is
he is wearing a cap.  The inference is that the man is buying a lottery ticket.  The inference is that the man is buying a lottery
he is wearing a cap. Premise is entailment to say the man is pushing a cart down the road because he is wearing a cap.
it is a race car. It is not neutral to say a yellow race car is being watched because it is sliding through a corner.  Premise is a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch. It
it is sliding through a corner. Premise is a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch. It is entailment to say a racecar is being watched because it is sliding through a corner. Premise
there are cars at the racetrack today.  The inference is that there are cars at the racetrack today because there are yellow race cars sliding through the corner.  The inference is
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the man or woman. However, if we want to say that the man is running in the marathon, we need to specify the gender of the man.  Inference
they are running in the street. Premise is entailment to say the man and woman are outdoors because they are running in the street. Premise is entailment to say the man and woman are outdoors because they are running in
they are running.  Premise is a man and a woman running in the street. It is contradiction to say the man and woman are walking because they are running.  Premise is a man and a woman running in
she has a bag. Premise is entailment to say the woman is sitting because she is reading books. Premise is entailment to say the woman is sitting because she is reading books. Premise is entail
there are three people reading books.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman with a bag is sitting amongst
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her bag.  The inference is that she is reading a book because she has a bag. The inference is that she is reading a
she is a scientist.  The inference is that she is reading because she is a scientist.  The inference is that she is reading because she is a woman.  The inference is that she is reading because
she is working on her invention. Premise is entailment to say a scientist studies a slide that is related to her invention because she is working on her invention. Premise is entail
she is a scientist. It is neutral to say a woman standing near a microscope because she is working on her new creation. It is neutral to say a woman standing near a microscope because she is working on her new
it is lit up.  The inference is that the town is lit up.  The inference is that the town is lit up.  The inference is that the town is lit up.  The inference is
there are lights in the town. Premise is entailment to say there are lights in the town because there are lights in the town. Premise is entailment to say there are lights in the town because there are
it is a fact. The town has snow on the ground is a statement. The town has snow on the ground is a hypothesis. The town has snow on the ground is a conjecture. The town has snow on the
the person is wearing a jacket. Premise is entailment to say the jacket is long because the person is wearing pants. Premise is entailment to say the person is wearing pants
they are new. It is neutral to say the person is a man because he is a man. It is neutral to say the person is a person because he is a person. It is
there is no person walking down the street.  The inference is that the person is not walking down the street because the town is well-populated.  The
the person is not writing in a notebook.  The inference is that the person is writing in a notebook.  The inference is that the person is writing in a notebook.  The inference is that the person is
it is not specific to any student.  The student is studying for a big exam because it is specific to a student.  The student is studying for a big exam because it is specific to a student.
a person with a book is writing in a notebook. Premise is a person with a book is writing in a notebook. It is entailment to say a person with a notebook is writing in a book. Premise is
it is complete with a blue sky. Premise is a photo is complete with a blue sky. It is entailment to say someone has taken a photo because it is complete with a blue sky. Premise is a photo is complete
it is a mountain. It is not neutral to say there is a photo of mt everest because it is blue.  Premise is a mountain photo is complete with a blue sky. It is neutral to say there
the sky is blue.  The inference is that the photo was taken on a sunny day.  The inference is that the photo was taken on a cloudy day.  The inference is that the photo was taken
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the toy trucks.  Premise is young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits. It is neutral to say young boy has
he plays with a truck outdoors.  The inference is that young boy plays with a truck outdoors.  The inference is that young boy plays with a truck outdoors.  The inference is that young boy plays with a
woman waits. It is entailment to say woman waits because young boy plays outside. It is entailment to say young boy plays outside because woman waits because woman waits. It is entailment to say woman waits because young boy
he is standing outside of the store. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing the costume because he is
the man is wearing green and the woman is wearing purple.  The inference is that the costume is purple.  The inference
it is a mascot costume. It is also neutral to say the costume is promoting the woman's work because it is
she is waving at the man and woman. Premise is a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume
the person is waving at the man and woman. The inference is that the person is waving at
it is not a statement about the parade itself. It is a statement about the person marching in the parade.
it is not a statement about the men on bikes. It is a statement about the sand hill.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The men on bikes
they are not on bikes.  The inference is that men walk their bikes after getting flat tires.  The inference is that men walk their bikes after getting flat tires.  The inference is that men walk
men on bikes go over a sand hill. Premise is three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill. It is entailment to say men on bikes go over a sand hill because men on bikes go over
it is not sexual. It is neutral to say a couple enjoying some alone time because it is not sexual
they are standing in a meadow.  Premise is a man and woman in
it is not a statement about the couple. It is neutral to say a man and woman are
they are posing behind the cash register. It is not neutral to say the men are posing behind the cash register because they are all friends.  The same thing applies to the word "know." It is neutral to say the men know
the cash register is not there.  The inference is that the cash register is not there because two men are posing behind it.  The inference is that the cash register is not there because two men are posing behind it.  The
it is entailment to say they are posing behind a cash register. It is entailment to say they are posing behind a cash register because it is entailment to say they are posing behind a cash register. It is entailment to say they
she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her.
it is not a statement about her character. It is a statement about her physical appearance.  Now let
he is not dancing.  The inference is that the woman is dancing. The inference is that the man is dancing
it is running on grass. Premise is a dog running on grass. Premise is a dog running on grass. Premise is a dog running on grass. Premise is a dog running on grass
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say a dog returns a toy to its owner because it is a black poodle.  Premise is a big black poodle running on
it is a contradiction to say a black dog stole a toy.  Premise is a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth. It is contradiction to say a white
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the horse. The boy is pretending to be a cowboy because he is pretending to be a cowboy. The boy is pretending to be a cowboy because
it is entailment to say a boy rides a horse. Premise is entailment to say a boy rides a horse because it is entailment to say a boy rides a horse. Premise is entailment to say a
he is awake. Conclusion is the boy is sleeping because he is awake.  Premise: The boy is sleeping because he is awake. Conclusion: The boy is sleeping because he is awake.  Premise: The
it is not a contradiction.  The inference is that the man laughs as he views a show because he is wearing his traditional ethnic clothing.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the man's ethnicity. However, if we say a man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater because he is wearing his traditional ethnic clothing,
he is standing on a dock.  Premise is a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats. It is entailment
he is standing on a dock.  Premise is a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats. It is
it is not a statement about the man's identity. It is a statement about the man's location.  Now, let's say we want to say
it is a natural inference. Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm. It is neutral to say a man is raising his arm to get
he has headphones around his neck.  The inference engine will try to infer the meaning of the sentence. It will try to infer that the man has headphones around his neck.
he is listening to music.  Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm. It is entailment to say a man is raising his arm because he is
the man is riding a motorcycle.  The inference is that the man is riding a motorcycle.  The inference is
they are both vehicles.  Premise is a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance. It is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the motorcycle and the van.
it is a building. It is neutral to say the truck will turn to dust after an hour because it is red. It is neutral to say the
the man in the green vest is running toward it. Premise is a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs
it is parked next to a fire building. It is also neutral to say the man in the green vest is a fireman because he is running toward a fire truck.
they are performing. Premise is two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display. Premise is two belly dancers perform with each other in
they are performing. It is also neutral to say they are making money because they are belly dancers.  Now, let's say we have a third dancer who is not belly dancer.
they are not belly dancers.  The inference is that the belly dancers are men.  The inference is that the belly dancers are women.  The inference is that the belly dancers
she is a lady and she is in a red shirt and bikini bottoms. It is also neutral to say a woman is a good surfer because she is a
she is not in the ocean.  Premise is a lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the
she is looking at the plate.  The inference is that the woman is at home.  The inference is that the woman is at home because she is looking at the plate.  The inference is that the
it is neutral to say she is cooking something exciting. But it is not neutral to say she is cooking something exciting because it is not neutral to say she is cooking something exciting.  The same thing happens with the word "exc
it is a neutral statement. The inference is that the woman is in a kitchen because she is looking at a plate filled with steam.  The inference is that the woman is in a kitchen because she is looking at a plate filled
it is entailment to say a person in african clothing. Premise is a group of children in african clothing. It is entailment to say a person in clothing because it is entailment to say a person in african clothing.
it is not a statement about the color of the clothing.  The inference is that the children are african because they are wearing african clothing.  The inference is that the children are humans because they are wearing green clothing.
there are children in african clothing.  The inference is that there are children in african clothing.  The inference is that there are children in african clothing.  The inference is that there are children in african clothing.
it is not a statement about the player. It is a statement about the ball.  Now let's say we have a sentence that says "The ball is red
it is not a soccer ball.  The inference is that the soccer player is a football player.  The inference is that the soccer player is a football player.
he has black and red striped uniform. Premise is entailment to say a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball because he has black and red striped uniform because it is entail
he is wearing a hat and boots.  The inference is that the man is digging for something in the snow.  The inference is that the man is digging for something in the snow.
he is wearing boots and hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing boots and hat because he is digging for something in the snow. Premise is entailment to say a man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.
they are wearing jerseys and belts. Premise is two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey
they are wearing baseball uniforms.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from the context. The inference engine can
they are wearing different jerseys.  Premise is two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the people playing the game.  Now, let's say we have a bunch of
they are both wearing blue shirts. Premise is entailment to say two people are playing flag football because they are both wearing orange shirts. Premise is entailment to say
they are both eating ice cream.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence based on the context of the sentence. The inference engine can
the sun is not up yet.  The inference is that it is evening.  The inference is that it is morning.  The inference is that it is evening.  The inference is that
they are playing music. It is neutral to say the musicians are care free because they are playing music. It is neutral to say the musicians are care free because they are playing music. It is neutral to
it is true. It is false to say musicians are passionate about music because it is false.  Premise is indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.
it is not a specific location. The group is not a specific group of people. It is a group of people.  The group is not a specific group of people. It is a group
they are inside playing basketball.  The group of people is inside playing basketball because they are outside playing basketball.  The group of people is outside playing basketball because they are inside playing
they are asking questions. It is neutral to say some people have answers because they are answering questions. It is neutral to say some people have answers because they are answering questions. It is neutral to say some people
some people are walking by a van. Premise is a group of people are walking by a van. It is entailment to say some people outdoors because some people are walking by a van. Premise is a group of people are walking by
it is not a statement about the people getting ready to enter the vehicle. It is a statement about the people walking by the van.  Now, let's say we want to say that the people walking by the van are
some men are walking by a van.  Premise is a group of people are walking by a van. It is contradiction to say some men driving down a road because some men are walking by a van. Conclusion is that some
the child is holding a stick.  Premise is a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata. It is contradiction to say
he is holding a bat.  Premise is a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata. It is contradiction to say a child is
she is wearing a military uniform.  Premise is female in a military uniform with her hair tied back. It is entailment to say the female is wearing a ponytail because she is wearing a military uniform.
he is bald.  The inference is that the man is bald.  The inference is that the man is bald.  The inference is that the man is bald.  The inference is that the man is bald
she is wearing her hair up. Premise is female in a military uniform with her hair tied back. It is entailment to say the female is wearing her hair up because she is wearing her hair up. Premise
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about whisky.  The inference is that the man is drinking whisky.  The inference is that the man is drinking
it is a contradiction to say two women sit in a cafe.  The inference is that the man in the red shirt is sitting on the sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.
he is touching it. Premise is a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the baby.  Now, we can infer that the woman in the striped shirt is holding her baby because she is a woman. We can infer that she is holding
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the tv.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The woman in the striped shirt holds an infant." This is a statement about the woman in
she is holding an infant. Premise is entailment to say a woman is dressed because she is holding an infant. Premise is entailment to say a woman is dressed because she is holding an infant. Premise is entailment to
it is not a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument.  The inference is that the woman is playing guitar and signing next to a man playing guitar and signing
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the activity.  Now, let's say that the woman is playing a violin and the man is playing a guitar.
they are playing instruments. Premise is a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument. It is entailment to say a man and woman make music because they
the musicians are playing.  The inference is that the stage is empty because the musicians are playing.  The inference is that the stage is empty because the musicians are playing.  The inference is that the stage is empty because the musicians are
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the two musicians are playing the trumpet because they are musicians.  The inference is that the two musicians are playing the trumpet because they are playing the trumpet.  The
they are playing music. It is entailment to say two musicians because they are playing music. It is entailment to say two musicians because they are playing music on a stage. It is entailment to say two musicians because they are playing music
there are people outside.  The inference is that there are people outside because there are
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the setting
the man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl
the premises are true.  Premise is a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle. It is entailment to say there is a girl holding a beer bottle
the girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle.  The inference is that the girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer
it is not a statement about her state of mind. It is a statement about the state of the bottle.  The inference is that the girl has just finished drinking the whole bottle.
they are mother and daughter. It is entailment to say the mother and daughter are meeting because they are mother and daughter. It is entailment to say the mother and daughter are meeting because they are mother and daughter. It is
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that the mother and daughter are meeting over lunch. It is a statement of fact that the mother and daughter are meeting over lunch.
they are meeting for the first time.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction in the sentence. It will try to find a contradiction in the sentence.  It will try to find a contradiction in
the patient is female.  Premise is a team of surgeons operate on a female patient. It is contradiction to say the surgeons are operating on a male patient because the patient is female.  Premise is a
it is true. The patient is a woman because it is true. The patient is a patient because it is true. The patient is a patient because it is true. The patient is a patient because it is true. The patient is a patient
the patient is female. Premise is entailment to say the surgeons are operating because the patient is female. Premise is entailment to say the surgeons are operating because the patient is female. Premise is entailment to say the surgeons
they are thirsty.  The inference is that kids share a drink because they are thirsty.  The inference is that kids share a drink because they are thirsty.  The inference is
he is angry with her.  Premise is the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road. It is entailment
they are siblings.  Premise is the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road. It is entailment to say kids don
she's sitting outside. Premise is entailment to say there's a lady with red hair because she's sitting outside. Premise is entailment to say there's a lady with red hair
she is sitting down.  The inference engine is able to infer that the lady is sitting down because she is jumping up and down.  The inference engine is able to infer that the lady
it is not gender specific.  Now, we want to infer that she is sitting at a table outside. We can do this by using the context of the sentence. We can infer that
they are not wearing costumes.  The inference is that people are mourning because they are wearing costumes.  The inference is that people are mourning because they are wearing costumes.  The inference
they are celebrating with music and costumes.  Premise is several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party. It is entailment to say people are
it is a common practice.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  "The people are celebrating new years eve."  This sentence is ambiguous. It
it is entailment to say a small group of men are standing
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the situation
they are wearing shorts and t-shirts.  The inference engine is trained
it is not a statement about the relationship between the couple. It is a statement about the relationship between the third rower and the couple.  The inference is that the third rower
it is entailment to say man and woman rowing on surfboards.  Premise is man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. It is entailment to say couples ro
they are rowing on surfboards.  Premise is man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. It is contradiction to say couple going fishing because they are rowing on surfboards.
the child slides down the yellow slide. Premise is a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool. It is entailment to say the child slides into the pool because the child slides down the yellow slide.
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion. The conclusion is that the kid is playing at the waterpark. The inference is that the kid is playing at the waterpark because he slides down a yellow slide
it is not a slide.  The inference is that the kid slides down the yellow slide into the swimming pool.  The inference is that the kid slides down the yellow slide into the swimming pool.  The
she is not a boy.  The inference is that the girl sold some cookies because she is a girl.  The inference is that the girl sold some cookies because she is
it is entailment to say an old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper
it is entailment to say a man is riding a bike. Premise is an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full
she is making cupcakes. Premise is entailment to say she is making cupcakes because she is an old woman. Premise is entailment to say she is making cupcakes because she is in a kitchen.
she is baking cupcakes. Premise is entailment to say she is baking cupcakes because she is an old woman. Premise is entailment to say she is baking cupcakes because she is an old woman who makes cup
she is making cupcakes.  Premise is an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen. It is contradiction to say an old woman is frying chicken because she is making cupcakes.  Premise is an
there is no boy in a tree. The inference is that there is a girl in a tree.  The inference is based on the premise that there is a girl in a tree. The inference is based on
she is looking down through leaves. Premise is entailment to say there is a girl outdoors because she is looking down through leaves. Premise is entailment to say there is a girl outdoors because she is looking down
she is looking down through leaves. But it is not neutral to say she is playing hide and seek because she is looking down through leaves. The inference is that she is playing hide and seek because she is looking down
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the table.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is drinking a
a woman is not a man.  The inference is that the man is not the woman.  The inference is that the man is not the woman.  The inference
he is wearing glasses and an orange shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man sits outside by a table because he is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on
they are men.  Premise is a team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball
he is sliding into home plate.  The inference is that the team of men re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools.  The
men are playing soccer.  The inference is that men are playing basketball because men are playing soccer.  The inference is that men are playing basketball because men are playing soccer.  The
they are kids. Premise is a group of kids divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game. It is entailment to say kids are playing soccer because they are
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the school.  Premise is a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team
bagpipes are played by one person.  The inference is that the older man is holding bagpipes.  The inference is that
it is not necessary to mention their gender.  Now, let's say that the older man is holding a bagpipe and the younger one is holding a drum.
they are not men.  The inference is that the older man is the drummer and the younger man is the bagpiper.  The inference is that the
it is not a high school band.  Premise is a high school band getting ready to perform. It is contradiction to say a high school band eating spaghetti on pluto because it is not a high school band.
they have practiced. It is entailment to say a high school band plays in front of a large crowd because they have practiced. It is entailment to say a high school band plays in front of
they are a band. Premise is entailment to say a high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance because they are a band because they are a high school band. Premise is entail
she is reading. Premise is entailment to say a woman is reading because she is on a rooftop. Premise is entailment to say a woman is on a rooftop because she is
it is sunny. It is also neutral to say she is enjoying the outside weather because she is reading.  Now, let's say she is reading a book about a woman who enjoys
brunette is eating a hot dog.  The inference is that brunette is eating a hot dog.  The inference is that brunette is eating a hot dog.
they are playing on poles and rings.  Premise is children at daycare playing on rings, and poles, one parent standing and
they are playing on poles and rings.  The inference is that children are playing on poles and rings.  The inference
there are 5 people on stage.  The inference is that there are 5 people on stage.  The inference is that there are 5 people on stage.
they are not performing yet. It is also neutral to say the people are waiting for their performance to start because they are performing.  Premise is there are 5 people on a stage
they are visible.  The inference is that there are 5 people on stage because they are visible.  The inference is that there are 5 people on stage because they are visible.  The
it is a natural inference.  The inference is that the audience is watching the actors perform. The inference
they are so handsome. It is neutral to say at a rock concert, the audience screams and cries at the
they are in a dim room.  Premise is five people standing on a stage, getting
he wears white.  The inference is a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball. It is entailment to say a man plays tennis because he wears white.  The inference is a man wearing white turns
chewie is a man wearing white.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the statement. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the statement.  The inference
they are wearing white. It is entailment to say someone wears white because they are a man. It is entailment to say someone is a man because they are wearing white. It is entailment to say someone
it is entailment to say a man is trekking through the snow with a large camping backpack. Premise is entailment to say a man is trekking through the snow
it is neutral to say a man with ski poles walks towards his campground.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man with ski poles is a cam
he is guarding the goal. The inference is that the goalie earns his keep because he is guarding the goal.  Premise is a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal. It is neutral to say a hockey goalie
it is a contradiction to say a soccer player is guarding the goal.  The inference is that the hockey player guards the goal.  The inference is that the hockey player guards the goal.  The inference is that
they are a hockey player.  Premise is a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal. It is entailment to say a person playing a sport because they are a hockey player.  Premise is a
she is not wearing a yellow tank top and white pants.  Premise is a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking
it is not a statement about her neighbors. It is a statement about her.  Now, let's say we want to
she is looking into a window. Premise is entailment to say a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looks into a window because she is
nobody is looking. Premise is people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. It is contradiction to say nobody is looking because nobody is looking. Premise is people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. It is contradiction to
it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about humans.  The inference is that tall humans are looking at the dog because they are tall.  The inference is that tall humans are looking at the dog because they
they want to pet the dog. It is entailment to say some humans looking because they want to pet the dog because they are looking at the dog. It is entailment to say some humans looking because they want to pet the dog because
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the flag.  The inference is that the man is a leader of the march. The inference is
he is walking. It is entailment to say a man walks because he is a man. It is entailment to say a man is a man because he is walking.
he is a man.  The inference is that the man is a man who hugs his mother and leaves for war.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the dirt bike riders. It is a statement about the hill.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The dirt bike
they are wearing green and blue and white.  The inference is that the green guy is the bus driver.  The inference is that the green guy is the bus driver.
it is not a statement about the dirt bike riders. It is a statement about the hill.  The inference is that the riders are practicing new tricks because they are
it is entailment to say a snowboarder performs a trick jump. Premise is entailment to say a snowboarder performs a trick jump because it is entailment to say a
he is not a snowboarder.  Premise is a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain. It is contradiction to say a downhill skier
it is a neutral statement. However, it is not neutral to say a snowboarder lands a trick during a competition because it is a positive statement.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about the ladies. It is a statement about the ladies' behavior.  The same goes for the sentence "Two ladies are smiling at each other." It is not a
they are friends.  Premise is two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk. It is contradiction to say two friends eat pizza at a diner because they are friends.
they are hiding behind their cotton candy. Premise is entailment to say two women with cotton candy smile because they are hiding behind their cotton candy. Premise is entailment to say two women with cotton candy
they are riding together on a bicycle.  Premise is two people are riding at once on one single bicycle. It is entailment to say two people taking a ride together on a b
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the bicycle.  The inference is that the people riding the bicycle are the same people riding the bicycle.  The
it is contradictory to say two people playing chess at a park.  Premise is two people are riding at once on one single bicycle. It is contradiction to say two people playing chess at a park because it is contradictory
it is not a fact about the man. It is a fact about the motorcycle.  The inference is that the man is riding his motorcycle on
a man is riding a motorcycle on a dirt road.  The inference is that the man riding the motorcycle is walking on the sidewalk.  The inference is that
he is passing several junk cars on the side of the road. Premise is entailment to say a man is riding a motorcycle because he is passing several junk
she was playing horseshoes.  The inference is that Sally was playing horseshoes because she was riding her horse.  The inference is that Sally was riding her horse because she was playing horseshoes.  The inference is
it is not a statement about them. It is a statement about horseshoes.  Now suppose tom and sue are playing horseshoes. Premise is tom and sue are playing horseshoes. It is neutral to say tom
they were playing outside. Premise is two people play horseshoes. It is neutral to say tom and sue were playing horseshoes. Premise is two people play horseshoes. It is neutral to say tom and sue were playing hors
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the intersection.  The inference is that people are waiting to cross the street while walking the dog.  The inference is that people are waiting to
they are waiting to cross the street. Premise is entailment to say people are waiting to cross the street because they are with a dog. Premise is entailment to say people are with a dog because they are waiting
they are waiting to cross the street.  The inference engine is the computer program that can infer the meaning of the sentence. The inference engine is the computer program that can infer the meaning of the sentence.  The
the girl is not throwing the camera.  The inference engine is trained on the training data. The inference engine is trained on the training data.  The inference engine is trained on the training
it is not a statement about the girl in black pants. It is a statement about the camera.  Now, let's say we have
she is wearing black pants. Premise is entailment to say a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants because she is wearing
they are composing together. It is neutral to say two men are composing together because they are composing together. It is neutral to say two men are composing together because they are composing together. It is
they are near each other. Premise is a man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment. It is entailment to say two men are near
they are not playing chess together.  Premise is a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment. It is contradiction to say two men play
there are bubbles around the statue.  The inference is not only about the bubbles, but also about the statue. The inference is about the statue because the inference is about the bubbles.  The inference is about the
the garage is not a street.  The inference is that the statue was standing in the garage.  The inference is that the statue was standing in the garage.  The inference is that the statue was standing
there are bubbles surrounding it. Premise is bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street. It is entailment to say a statue is in the middle of the street because there are bubbles surrounding it.
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the situation.  Premise is two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be
everybody is standing.  The inference is that everybody is sitting because somebody is standing.  The inference is that everybody is sitting because somebody is standing.
they are standing in the road. It is entailment to say some people standing because they are standing in the road. It is entailment to say some people standing
zod is not in the oval office.  The problem is that the premise is not a contradiction.
it is not a statement about the bucket. It is a statement about the person who kneels
the person kneeling is the same person who leans toward the doorway and the person looking on is the same person
they are working on something or they are having a meeting to discuss something. The inference is that they are working on something.  The same inference can be made about a group of
they are sitting in a boat.  The inference is that the people sitting around the table are driving a boat.  The inference is that the people sitting around the table are
they have pieces of paper or laptops in front of them.  The inference is that people sit around a table because they have pieces of paper or laptops in front of them.
it is entailment to say a man and a friend in a hospital room. Premise is entailment to say a man and a friend in a hospital room because it is entailment to say a man and a friend
he is in a hospital. Premise is entailment to say a man receives a visiting friend because he is in a hospital. Premise is entailment to say a man receives a visiting friend because he is in a
he is not a man.  The inference is that the man is a friend of the friend.  The inference is that the man is a friend of the friend. Premise is a man visiting a friend in the hospital
it is not a statement about the man wearing stars and stripes on a bike. It is a statement about the parade.  Now let's say we have a sentence like "The man wearing
he is wearing stars and stripes. Premise is entailment to say an old man rides a bike because he is wearing stars and stripes. Premise is entailment to say an old man rides a bike because he is wearing
he is wearing stars and stripes.  The inference is that the man is dancing under the stars.  The inference is that the man is dancing under the stars.  The inference is that the man is dancing
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a guy rides past the park because he is on a bicycle. Premise is entailment to say a guy rides past the
he is not in the park.  The inference is that the man on the bike is in the park.  The inference is that the man on the
he rides past it. It is also neutral to say a guy rides past the park because he misses it.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like this:
they are sitting in front of the windows.  Now, let's
the man playing guitar is playing guitar. It is entailment to say the man playing guitar is playing
hockey is played with sticks.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Find the
he is adventurous.  Premise is an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick. It is contradiction to say a man takes his daughter out for ice cream because he is adventurous.
there is a stick outside. Premise is entailment to say there is a person outside because there is a stick outside. Premise is entailment to say there is a person outside because there is a stick outside.
he is looking for a rare babboon. Premise is an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick. It is neutral to say an adventurous man
it is a fountain. It is also neutral to say some children throw stones into a fountain because they are playing outside in a fountain.  Now, we can infer that children are playing outside in a fountain because they are throwing stones into
they are playing outside.  The inference is that children are playing outside in a fountain.  The inference is that children are playing outside in a fountain.  The inference is that children are playing outside in a fountain.
it is true. It is also true that some children are playing near the water. It is also true that some children are playing near the water. It is also true that some children are playing near the water. It is also true
the ocean is not a stick figure.  The inference is that the picture of the ocean is a stick figure.  The inference is that the picture of the ocean is not a stick figure.  The inference is that the picture
it is not a street. It is a drawing of a stick figure. It is a contradiction to say a stick figure because it is not a drawing. It is a drawing of a stick figure. It is a contradiction to say a drawing of
it is not a statement about the stick figure. It is neutral to say a painting of a stick figure because it is not a statement about the stick figure. It is neutral to say a painting of a stick figure because it is not a
he is handling hot tray with food on it.  Premise is cook prepares food because he is handling hot tray with food on it.  Premise is cook prepares food because he is handling hot tray with food on it.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the cook.  Now, if we say cook preparing meal for wife, we are saying cook preparing meal for wife. It is a statement about the cook.
she is eating cotton candy. Premise is girl eats cotton candy because she is eating cotton candy. Premise is girl eats cotton candy because she is eating cotton candy. Premise is girl eats cotton candy because she is eating cotton candy. Premise
it is a boy.  The inference is that the boy rides his skateboard at the park.  The inference is that the boy rides his skateboard at the park.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a child rides his skateboard at the park. Premise is a boy rides his skateboard at the park. It is entailment to say a child rides his skateboard at the
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact. It is
it is snowing outside. It is also neutral to say there are five children because there are five children outside. It is also neutral to say there
they are not wearing swimsuits.  The inference is that the children are wearing swimsuits because they are sitting outside in front of a large
there are five children.  The inference is that there are a few girls present because there are five children.  The inference
it is running in the waves. Premise is a dog is running in the waves at the beach. It is entailment to say an animal is running outside because it is running in the waves. Premise is a dog is
it is neutral to say the dog is fetching his master's toy. The dog is fetching his master's toy because it is neutral to say the dog is fetching his master's
the pet is running in the waves.  The inference is that the pet is running in the waves.  The inference is that the pet is laying on the couch.  The inference is that the pet is
she is wearing a coat and boots. Premise is entailment because it is a middle-aged woman.  Premise is entailment because it is
she is heading home. The inference is that she is heading home because she is heading home.  The inference is that she is heading home because she is
she is not at home knitting.  The inference is that she is at home knitting.  The inference is that she is at home knitting.
they are reading a book. Premise is two little girls reading a book at the library. It is entailment to say the girls are in a library because they are reading a book. Premise is two little girls reading a
they are reading a book at the library.  The inference is that the girls are at the library because they are reading a book at the library.  The inference is that the girls are at the library because they are
they are both girls. But it is not neutral to say they are twins because they are both girls.  Premise is two little girls reading a book at the library. It is neutral to say the girls are sisters because they are both
it is not a statement about the kid's identity. It is a statement about the asterisks carved inside the structure.  Now, let's say the kid is
he is not at the top of the structure.  The inference is that the kid is at the top of the structure because he is at the top of the structure.
he is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside. Premise is entailment to say a kid has a painted face because he is at the top of a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the fountain. The statement is true because the man is wearing black. The
a bird cannot steal a bag of chips.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Find all sentences that contain
the photographer is dressed in black. Premise is a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle
she is kneeling on the road. Premise is a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing. It is
she is kneeling on a brick road.  The inference is that the woman is eating dinner at a restaurant.  The inference is that the woman is
she is posing for a magazine cover. The inference is that the woman kneeling is the famous model.  The inference is based on the context of the sentence.
she is not a girl.  The inference is that the girl is a boy.  The inference is that the girl is a boy.  The inference is
she paints the windows she sees. Premise is entailment to say a brunette lady wearing a blue shirt decorated with gold
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman is painting because she is a woman because she paints. Premise is entailment to say a woman is painting
it is entailment to say a human wearing sunglasses because it is entailment to say a human wearing sunglasses because it is entailment to say a human wearing sunglasses because it is entailment to say a human wearing sunglasses because it
it is not specific to a person.  The next step is to find a sentence that contains the word "bicyclist" and "white". We can use the following sentence:  The bicyclist was
nobody has a white and black helmet.  The inference is that the bicyclist is wearing sunglasses.  The inference is that the bicyclist is wearing sunglasses because the premise is a bicyclist wearing sunglasses.  The inference
it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is a statement about the sky.  Now, suppose we have a picture of a cyclist dressed in black and white pointing. It is neutral to say the
a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing. Premise is a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing. It is entailment to say a cyclist dressed in black and white points because a cyclist dressed in black and
it is contradiction to say a cyclist dressed in black and white eats cheese.  The inference is that the cyclist is pointing at cheese.  The inference is not that the cyclist is pointing at cheese because it is
he is awake. Premise is a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine. Premise is a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine. Premise is a young man at a bowling alley
he is posing on the scoring machine. Premise is entailment to say a young man is posing on the scoring machine because he is at the bowling alley. Premise is entailment to say a young
it is not a statement about the bowling itself. It is a statement about the person who is bowling.  Premise is a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.  Premise is a
it is not a specific location.  The second premise is that there is a market selling coca-cola. It is not a specific
it is not a market.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer
there is a market selling coca-cola.  The inference is a natural language inference. It is a logical inference. It is
they are playing volleyball. Premise is entailment to say people are playing volleyball because they are women. Premise is entailment to say people are playing volleyball because they are inside. Premise is entailment to say people are playing volleyball because they are
it is not a natural language inference. Premise is a group of women playing volleyball indoors. It is contradiction to say people are outside tossing a ball because it is not a natural language inference. Premise is a group of women playing volleyball indoors
it is a group of women playing volleyball indoors.  Now, let's say we want to say that the volleyball player is a woman. We can say that the volleyball player is a woman because she is a member of the group of women playing
the man is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman is bent over in the cornfield looking at the camera
she is bent over in a cornfield. Premise is entailment to say she is bent over in a cornfield because she is looking at the camera.
it is not a statement about the woman wearing the striped wrap.  Now, let's say we want to
they are women. Premise is entailment to say two roller derby competitors skate quickly ahead of teammates because they are women. Premise is entailment to say two roller derby competitors skate
they are competing in a roller derby. Premise is two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background. It is entailment to say two roller
they are not sleeping in a hotel room.  The inference is that the women are sleeping in a hotel room.  The inference is that the women are sleeping in a hotel room.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the basketball. The girl threw the basketball because she is a girl. The girl threw the basketball because she is playing basketball. The girl threw the basketball because she is playing basketball. The girl threw
they are girls. Premise is girls are playing basketball because they are girls. Premise is girls are playing basketball because they are girls. Premise is girls are playing basketball because they are girls. Premise is girls are playing basketball because they are girls. Prem
they are men. It is also contradiction to say the girls are playing basketball because they are girls. So, the inference is that the girls are playing basketball.  The inference is not that the girls are playing basketball because they are girls. The inference is that
it is a fact. The umpire is waiting for the pitch and the catcher is waiting for the pitch. The umpire is waiting for the pitch because he is waiting
there are people outdoors. The inference is that there are people outdoors.  The inference is that there are people outdoors.  The inference is that there are people outdoors.
there is no one hiking mt fiji.  The first sentence is a statement of fact. The second sentence is a statement of opinion. The third
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the band or the song. It is a statement about the song.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The band is
they are playing music. Premise is entailment to say a band is playing music because they are playing electric guitar. Premise is entailment to say a band is playing electric guitar because they are playing music.
they are playing in front of a crowd.  The inference is that the band is playing in front of a crowd.  The inference is that the band is playing in front of a crowd.  The inference is
he is installing a roof. Premise is a man is installing a roof. It is entailment to say a man is on top of a building because he is installing a roof. Premise is a man is installing a roof.
it is not clear whether the man is installing a roof on a beach house or installing a roof on a house.  The inference is that the man is installing a roof on a house.  The inference is that the
he is installing a roof.  Premise is a man is installing a roof. It is contradiction to say a man is on his couch watching tv because he is installing a roof.  Premise is a man is installing a
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the water.  The inference is that children are playing in cold water because the water is cold.  The inference
they are playing and playing is swimming. Premise is children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background. It is entailment to say children are swimming because they are
old people don't play and swim.  The inference is that old people are swimming because they are playing and swimming.  The inference is that old people are playing and swimming because they are old
a camel is a mammal.  The inference is that the man is riding on top
he is a musician.  Premise is a man in a
he is tired or because he is taking a break. The inference is that he is taking a break because
it is not a statement about the woman or the man. It is a statement about the city.
she is a woman.  Premise is a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man
it is entailment to say a man walks down a city street. Premise is entailment to say a woman walks
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that women are singing for the first time. It is a statement of fact that women are singing for the first time. It is a statement
she is wearing blue dress. Premise is women in blue dress singing on stage. It is entailment to say a woman is singing on stage because she is wearing blue dress. Premise is women in blue dress singing on stage. It
it is a contradiction to say a woman is singing on stage. Therefore, it is a contradiction to say a man is singing on stage.  Premise is women in blue dress singing on stage. It is contradiction to say a man is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the man is waiting for someone.  The inference is that the man is waiting for someone because the man is
a woman is not a man. Therefore, it is a contradiction to say a woman sits.  Premise is a man sits at a table in a room. It is contradiction to say a woman sits because a woman is not a man.
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man sits because he is sitting at a table. Premise is entailment to say a man sits because he is sitting at a table in a room. Premise is entailment
he balances it on the edge of the concrete.  Premise is a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete. It is contradiction to
he is balancing it on the edge of the concrete. Premise is entailment to say a man has a skateboard because he is balancing it on the edge of the concrete. Prem
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the skateboard.  Premise is a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the
it is a fact. The mechanic is working on the wheels of the car. The mechanic is working on the wheels of the car. The mechanic is working on the
the race car was out of fuel.  The inference engine is a mechanism that can be used to find the truth value of a statement. The inference engine is a mechanism that
a cow is a mammal.  The inference engine will try to infer the following:  Premise: A man in gray and black is playing a
they are married.  The inference is that the man in gray and black is playing the guitar and the woman is playing the violin.  The inference
he is wearing gray and black. It is entailment to say a man plays guitar because he is playing a black acoustic guitar. It is entailment to say
the man is wearing a stocking hat and has a beard.  The inference is that the man is wearing a stocking hat and has a beard because
he is wearing a stocking hat and has a beard.  The inference is that the man is taking pictures because he is wearing a stocking hat and has
it is not necessary to say who they are.  The next step is to say that the man is looking at the camera. This is
he is on a bicycle. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outdoors because he is on a bicycle. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outdoors because he is on a bicycle. Premise is entailment to say
he is on a bicycle.  Premise is a boy on a bicycle in midair. It is contradiction to say a boy is sailing on a boat because he is on a bicycle. Conclusion is that the boy is sailing on
he is falling off his bike. But it is not neutral to say a boy is falling off his bike because he is falling off his bike. The first sentence is neutral, the second sentence is not neutral.  The same thing
they are performing on it.  The inference is that the group of people are performing on the stage.  The inference is that the group of people are watching an empty stage because they are performing on it.
they are performing. Premise is a group of young people performing on a stage. It is entailment to say a group of people are on stage because they are performing. Premise is a group of young people performing on
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the group.  Now, let's say we want to say that the group is performing a song called "I'm a Little
it is not a brown dog. Premise is a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel. Premise is a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel. Premise is
it is neutral to say a dog walking out of the tunnel.  The inference is that the dog is brown because it is neutral to say a dog is brown.  The inference is that the dog
it is entailment to say a dog is coming out of a tunnel. Premise is entailment to say a dog is coming out of a tunnel because it is entailment to say a dog is coming out
they are going to play music.  The inference is that the women are going upstairs to play music.  The inference is that the women are going upstairs to
they are going up the stairs. It is also neutral to say they are going down the stairs because they are going down the stairs. It is also neutral to say they
it is entailment to say three women and two men are standing at the foot of a staircase. Premise is three women and two men are standing at the
he is concentrating on the pole vault. It is neutral to say the man is concentrating because he is concentrating on the pole vaulting. It is neutral to say the man is concentrating because he is concentrating on the pole vaulting. It is
the man is in the middle of pole vault.  The inference is that the man is in the middle of pole vault.  The inference is that the man is walking in the zoo because the man is in the
he is in the middle of pole vaulting.  Premise is the man is in the middle of pole vaulting. It is entailment to say the man is pole vaulting because he is in the middle of
a dog is playing at the beach. So, we can infer that the dog is playing at the beach.  Now, we can infer that the dog is playing at the beach because it is a dog. But, we
it is on the beach. Premise is a dog is on the beach near a ball. It is entailment to say a dog is on the beach because it is on the beach. Premise is a dog is on the
it is not clear whether the dog is playing ball with his owner or not. The dog is playing ball with his owner because it is clear that the dog is playing ball with his owner.  The inference is that the
he is not wearing a white t-shirt and shorts.  The inference is that the man in the black t-shirt and
they are wearing blue hard hats. Premise is entailment to say people in blue hard hats watch as a man in
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's behavior.  Now let
a man watering a bonsai tree is not a contradiction.  The inference is that the man watering the tomato plants is not the same man watering the bonsai
he is wearing a brown shirt and a white baseball cap. Premise is entailment to say a man watering plants because he is wearing a brown shirt and a white baseball cap. Premise
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the tomato plants.  Now let's say we want to infer that the man is watering his neighbors plants.
he is not in a library.  The inference is that the boy is attending a club meeting.  The inference is that the man is attending a library.  The inference is that the boy
he is a man in a suit. Premise is entailment to say a guy is cheering near some children because he is a man in a suit. Premise is entailment to say a guy is
he is a lawyer. It is not neutral to say a lawyer is encouraging some children at a contest because he is a man in a suit.  The same is true for the word "che
she is kissing a cat.  The inference engine is able to infer that the girl is petting her dog because she is kissing a cat.  The inference engine is able to infer that
she reaches up to kiss it. Premise is a girl reaches up to kiss a cat, which is sitting on the counter. It is entailment to say a girl is showing affection towards
a boy is playing a piano.  Premise is a man playing a piano. It is contradiction to say a boy is playing trombone because a boy is playing a piano.  Premise is a man playing a piano. It
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the piano.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is playing a black piano. We can say that the man is playing a black piano because it
they are playing a piano. Premise is entailment to say the man's hands are on the keys of a piano because they are playing a piano. Premise is entailment to say the man's hands are on the
he is not posing for a picture.  Premise is little girl posing for a picture. It is contradiction to say the boy is posing for a picture because he is not posing for a picture.  Premise is little girl posing
the photographer is taking the picture. Premise is little girl posing for a picture. It is entailment to say the child is posing for the photographer because the photographer is taking the picture. Premise is little girl posing for a picture.
she is going to school. It is not neutral to say the child is getting her school pictures taken because she is going to school because she is going to school.  The child is going to school because she is going to school is
he painted it with an image of a woman. Premise is a man plays a piano because he painted it with an image of a woman. Premise is a man plays a piano because he painted it with
he plays the piano for his family.  The inference is that the man plays the piano for his family.  The inference is that the man plays the clarinet for his family.
it is neutral to say a man plays a piano for his wife. It is neutral to say a man plays a piano for his wife because it is neutral to say a man plays a piano for his
it is not clear whether it is a wedding or a birthday party. The background is filled with balloons because it is a party. The balloons are red because it is a birthday party. The balloons are white because
the couple is looking into the camera.  The couple is looking into the camera because they are trying to figure out who the person across the street
the man is standing on stage.  The inference is that the man is studying quietly in the house.  The inference is that the man is studying quietly in the house.  The inference is that
the man stood on stage. Premise is a natural language inference. Premise is entailment to say the man stood on stage because the fireworks were shot into the sky. Premise is a natural language inference.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the fireworks. The inference is that the man is throwing a concert because he is standing on stage.  The same is true for natural language inference
he is sitting down.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Find all the sentences that contain the word boy.  2. Find all
he is raising his hand.  Premise is a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's action. The statement is true if the boy raises his hand
they are in blue life jackets.  The inference is that the men are sitting on the couch.  The inference is that
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.
it is entailment to say two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on inn
they are laying floor tiles.  Premise is two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway. It is contradiction to say two men are being lazy because they are laying floor tiles.  Premise is two men are laying floor
they are laying floor tiles. It is entailment to say they are laying floor tiles because they are men. It is entailment to say they are laying floor tiles because they are laying floor tiles. It is entailment to say
they are laying tiles. It is also neutral to say the tiles are very colorful because they are laying tiles.  The inference is that the tiles are colorful because they are laying tiles.  The inference is that the tiles are laying
they are seated.  The inference is that the large audience is seated.  The inference is that the large audience is standing and cheering because they are seated.
it is not a statement about the award ceremony. Premise is a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue
it is entailment to say a large audience is seated inside together. Premise is a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is neutral to say a man rests on his friends after a championship fight because it is not a statement
he is standing in a crowd.  The inference is that the man is running away from police because he is standing in a crowd.  The inference is that
he is touching himself.  Premise is a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd
it is running with a purple toy. Premise is dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field. It is entailment to say a dog is running because it is running with a purple toy. Premise is dog running with
a dog is not sitting on a table.  Premise is dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field. It is contradiction to say a dog is sitting on a table because a dog is not sitting on a
it is running with a purple toy. It is neutral to say a dog is excited because it is running with a purple toy in the snowy field. It is neutral to say a dog is excited because it is running with a purple toy in
they are both boys. Premise is an older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in
it is not clear whether the older brother is talking to his younger brother or to a stranger.  The inference
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bus.  Premise is a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country. It is neutral to say a
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man is waiting for a bus in a war torn country because it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say
he is not on mars.  Premise is a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country. It is contradiction to say a man is waiting for a bus on mars because he is not on
it is entailment to say two men are driving a car.  Premise is a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a
it is not possible for two men to be sitting on the grass next to a car.  The inference is that the two men
they are driving a gray rally car. It is also neutral to say the men hope the container won't fly off the roof because they
they are speaking to each other.  The inference is that the group of people are playing baseball because they are speaking to each other.  The inference is that the group of people are
it is not a statement about the art exhibit.  Premise is a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other. It is neutral to say
they are looking at photographs on a wall. Premise is a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other. It is entailment to say many people are having
the young man is wearing glasses. Premise is a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place. It is entailment to say a person with glasses because the
somebody has glasses on.  The inference is that nobody has glasses on.  The inference is that nobody has glasses on.  The inference is that nobody has glasses on.  The
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the person's appearance.  The inference is that the person with glasses is a young man because the inference is based on the
they are not sitting at a table.  The inference is that the man with the gray hat is the one
the man with the sign is walking down the street.  The inference is that the people are walking down the street because the man
it is a natural language inference. However, it is not neutral to say a group of friends heads down the street
it is jumping into the air.  Premise is a dog jumping into the air. It is contradiction to say a dog is swimming because it is jumping into the air. Conclusion is a dog jumping into the air. It is contradiction to say a dog
it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumping into the air. It is entailment to say there is an animal jumping because it is jumping. Premise is a dog jumping into the air. It is entailment to say there is an
it is a dog. It is not neutral to say a puppy leaps for a frisbee because it is a puppy. Premise is a dog jumping into the air. It is neutral to say a puppy leaps for a frisbee
the floor is tile.  The inference is that the people are eating ice cream at dairy queen because the floor is tile.  The inference is that the people are eating ice cream at dairy queen
it is a store with a tile floor. It is also neutral to say there are a lot of people browsing books at barnes and noble because it is a
there are books on the floor. It is entailment to say there are people browsing books because there are people browsing books. It is entailment to say there are people browsing books because there are people browsing books.
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the activity.  Now, if you want to
they are dressed in american colors.  Premise is a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors
they are wearing blue shirts.  The inference is that the father and daughter are riding a lawn mover.  The inference is that the father and daughter are riding a
he is on the water.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes a sentence and tries to infer the meaning of the sentence. The inference engine is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the boat. The boat is neutral because it is not a statement about the man. It is a
they are not playing soccer.  Premise is four african boys playing soccer. It is contradiction to say some boys are in the play ground because they are not playing soccer.  Premise is four african boys playing soccer.
they are playing soccer.  Premise is four african boys playing soccer. It is contradiction to say some kids are watching soccer because they are playing soccer.  Premise is four african boys playing soccer. It is contradiction to say some
they are playing soccer. Premise is four african boys playing soccer. It is entailment to say some boys are running behind a ball because they are playing soccer. Premise is four african boys playing soccer. It is entailment
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the photograph.  The inference is that the couple is married because they are sitting near the water.  The inference is
they are sitting near the water.  The inference is that the couple is sitting near the water.  The inference is that the couple is sitting near the water.
they are photographed through a gap in the fence.  The inference is that the couple is sitting near water because they are photographed through a gap in the fence.  The inference
it is not a statement about the outcome of the match.  The inference is that the players and referee are getting ready to start the match.  The inference is that the players and
they are preparing for a face-off.  Premise is the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off. It is entailment to say the referee and players are
the dog is not a hockey player.  The inference is that the dog is sliding across the ice at the hockey match.  The inference is that the dog is sliding across the ice
she is wearing a gray kimono.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the woman. It is
she is wearing a gray kimono. Premise is entailment
he is supervising the newsstand.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentences:  Premise: The man is supervising the newsstand
she is wearing a green shirt and beige hat.  The inference is that the woman is white.  The inference is that the woman is white.  The
it is entailment to say a man supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks.  Premise is a man in a green shirt and large beige
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the rope color.  Premise is a girl is
the girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes.  Premise is a girl is swinging, rather
the girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.  The inference is
she stands on the street. Premise is entailment to say a girl drinks a soda on the street because she stands on the street. Premise is
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the soda.  Now, let's say we want to say
she is not awake.  The inference engine is able to infer that the girl is sleeping because she is not awake.  The inference engine is able to
it is cold outside. It is also neutral to say the two women bundle up in winter coats because it is cold outside.  Now, suppose we want to infer that the two women bundle up
they are walking. Premise is entailment to say there are two women in this picture, and they are both outside because they are walking. Premise is entailment to say there are two women
they are going to a party.  Now, let's say that the two women are sisters, but they are not going to the same party. They are going to
they are performing a sacred dance.  The inference is that the indians are performing a sacred dance because they are building sand castles.  The inference is that the indians are building sand castles because they are performing a
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the indians are performing a sacred dance. The hypothesis is that the indians are performing a sacred dance. The hypothesis is that the ind
they are indian.  Premise is the indian's are performing a sacred dance. It is entailment to say the people are dancing because they are indian.  Premise is the indian's are performing a
they are dressed in costumes.  The inference is that the people are playing musical instruments at an office.  The inference is that the people are working at an office because they are dressed in costumes.  The
it is not necessary to specify the festival. However, it is necessary to specify the costumes and musical instruments.  The inference is that the people are playing at a festival because they are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments
they are dressed in costumes and playing music. Premise is three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments. It is entailment to say the people are in costume and playing music because they are dressed in costumes
they are getting ready to play the game.  Premise is everyone is getting ready to play the game. It is contradiction to say a group of people watch a movie because they are getting ready to play the game.
they are getting ready to play games. Premise is everyone is getting ready to play the game. It is entailment to say people prepare to play games because they are getting ready to play games. Premise is everyone is getting ready to
it is a game. It is not neutral to say people place their piece on a monopoly board because it is a game board.  Premise is everyone is getting ready to play the game. It is neutral to say people
it is entailment to say two girls wearing pink.  Premise is two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube. It is entailment to say two girls on a tube because it is entailment to say two
blue is not pink.  The inference is that pink is not blue.  The inference is that pink is not blue.  The inference is that pink is not blue.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say two girls wearing pink.  Premise is two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube. It is entailment to say two girls playing on a tube because it is entailment to
they are smiling.  Premise is a family smiling on the couch. It is entailment to say people are on a couch because they are smiling. Premise is a family smiling on the couch. It is entailment to say people are
they are not playing out in their backyard.  Premise is a family smiling on the couch. It is contradiction to say a family is playing out in their backyard because they are not playing out in their backyard.  Premise
it is a neutral statement. However, if you say a family is sitting on a couch watching tv because they are watching tv, you are making a statement about the family.  Now, let's say you want to say a
they are walking on the ground.  The inference is that the woman is walking on the ground and the man is walking on top of trees.  The inference
they are both wearing blue tops and pencil skirts. Premise is entailment to say they pass eachother because they are both balding men in pinstriped suits. Premise
they are both wearing blue tops and pencil skirts.  The inference is that they know each other because they both wear blue tops and pencil skirts.  The inference is that they
the boy holds the rope.  The inference is that the boy is climbing.  The inference is that the boy is climbing because the man holds the rope.
there is a boy climbing a wall. Premise is entailment to say there is a boy climbing a wall because there is a man holding a rope. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the man or boy. It is a statement about the rope.  Now, let's say the boy climbs the wall. The boy
they are sitting on a couch together.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "I am going to the store." We can infer that the speaker is going to
they are not looking at the same thing.  Premise is two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup
they are both holding something.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the meaning of a sentence based on the context. It is a program that can infer the meaning of
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the camp.  The inference is that the girls are at a camp. The inference is not that the girls are at a camp because they are girls
they are not girls.  The inference is that the girls are girls because they are girls.  The inference is that the girls are girls because they are girls.  The inference is that the girls are
it is entailment to say two girls are on a boat. It is entailment to say two girls are on a boat because it is entailment to say two girls are wearing red life jackets. It is entailment
they are inspecting a metal object.  The inference is that the metal object is a boat.  The inference is that the metal object is a submarine.  The inference is that the metal object
it is not a statement about the object. It is a statement about the scuba divers.  Premise is two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water. It is neutral to say
they are inspecting a metal object. Premise is two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water. Premise is two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water. Premise is two
they are nurses. The nurses are discussing a patient because they are nurses. The nurses are discussing a patient because they are nurses. The nurses are discussing a patient because they are nurses. The nurses are discussing a patient because they
they are talking over a plastic cup.  The inference is that the nurses are eating lunch because they are talking over a plastic cup.  The inference is that the nurses are eating lunch because they are talking over a plastic
they are nurses. Premise is nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup. It is entailment to say the people work in the medical field because they are nurses. Premise is nurses in a
she is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.  The inference is that the female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll because she is suspended in
it is not a statement about the gymnast's state of being. It is a statement about the gymnast's state of being in mid air.  Premise
it is not a statement about the gymnast herself. It is a statement about the event.  Now, let's say that the premise is
it is a fact. It is neutral to say people are walking to an event because it is a fact. It is neutral to say people are walking to an event because it is a fact. It is neutral to say people are walking to an
they are in motion. Premise is people in motion down a city sidewalk. It is entailment to say people walk down a sidewalk because they are in motion. Premise is people in motion down a city sidewalk. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the sidewalk.  The next step is to find a way to describe the sidewalk. We can say that the sidewalk is a road. We can say that the sidewalk
the razor is being wielded by a man. It is entailment to say there are multiple people present because the razor is being wielded by a man who is gleefully shaving away another man's hair. It
they are both men. But it is not neutral to say the two men are brothers because they are both men and one of them is gleefully shaving away the other's hair.  Premise is a
there are two people present.  Premise is a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair. It is contradiction to say there is only one person present because there are
he is smiling at the same time.  The inference engine is able to infer the truth of the statement "a man is crying at a co-worker's funeral because he is smiling at
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is neutral to say a man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients because it is not a statement about the man's character.
he smiles while he shaves the head of another man. Premise is a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man. It is entailment to say a guy is cutting another man's
it is not gender specific. But if we say men are gazing, it is gender specific.  So, if we say men are gazing, we are saying men are gazing at each other. If we say men are gazing at
they lost. It is neutral to say men are lamenting the fact that their team lost because they lost. It is neutral to say men are lamenting the fact that their team lost because they lost
they look at different things.  The inference is that the man in baseball cap looks out while the two men look down.  The inference is that the man in baseball cap looks out while the two men look down.
they are setting up a barricade.  The inference is that police are setting up a barricade.  The inference is that police are setting up a barricade.
it is not a statement about the fire itself.  Now, let's say the police are setting up a barricade due to a fire. It is not neutral to say people in uniform are working near a
it is neutral. It is not neutral to say police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene because it is not neutral.  The
a dog cannot waterski. Premise is a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. It is contradiction to say a dog
it is not a statement about the person waterskiing. It is a statement about the wall.  Now, let's say we want to infer that
it is entailment to say a person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background. Premise is a person waterskiing in a river
they are on the same stairs. Premise is two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them. It is entailment to say the children are playing together because they are on
they are playing on stairs.  The inference is that the children have energy because they are playing on stairs.  The inference is that the children have energy because they are playing on stairs
they are playing on stairs.  Now, let's say we have a third boy who is pretending he is climbing a mountain. He is climbing a mountain because he is pretending
they are fighting.  Premise is a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room. It is contradiction to say the black and white dogs are playing because they are fighting.
they are both dogs. Premise is entailment to say the dogs are fighting because they are both white and black. Premise is entailment to say the dogs are fighting because they are both dogs and fighting. Prem
they are fighting.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting inside the room.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting outside the room.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting in the
he is trying to hide his identity. Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium. It is neutral to say the person is trying to be sneaky because he is trying to hide his identity. Premise
it is dark. Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium. It is entailment to say the person is hard to see because it is dark. Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a
the person is obscured in shadow. Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium. It is contradiction to say the person is a vampire avoiding the sun because the person is obscured in shadow. Premise
she is walking towards it.  The inference is that the woman is walking towards the escalator.  The inference is that the woman is walking towards the escalator.  The inference is that the woman
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the escalator.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The woman in the green suit is
she is wearing a green suit. Premise is entailment to say a woman walks to an escalator because she is wearing a green suit. Premise is entailment to say a woman walks to an escalator
they are sitting down. But it is not neutral to say a group of adults are waiting for an event because they are wearing
some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes.  The inference is
they are wearing white and pink hats.  The inference is not necessarily true. It is just a natural inference. It
he is smiling. Premise is entailment to say the man is smiling because he is holding an object. Premise is entailment to say the man is smiling because he is holding an object. Premise is entailment to
he is holding up a gavel. But it is not neutral to say the man is a gavel because he is smiling.  The same goes for the word "is". It is neutral to say "the man is smiling"
he is holding up a gavel.  The inference is that the man is smiling because he is holding up a gavel.  The inference is that the man is smiling because he is holding up a gavel.  The
a dog is not a man.  The inference is that the man is holding a book.  The inference is that the man is holding a book standing in front of
a person is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard. Premise is entailment to say a person is in a classroom teaching because a person is holding a book standing in front of a chalk
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the book. The book is not a man. The book is not a chalkboard. The
she is walking her dog. Premise is entailment to say the woman is using her cellphone because she is walking her dog. Premise is entailment to say the woman is using her cellphone because she is walking her dog
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the woman is playing a game on her cellphone because she is walking her dog. The inference is not that the woman is
cats don't walk.  Premise is a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone. It is contradiction to say the woman is walking her cat because cats don't walk.  Premise is a woman is
it is not a statement about the man in the white cap.  The inference is that the man in the white cap is golfing
the fourth man is golfing.  The inference is that the fourth man is golfing.  Now, let's say we have
one guy is golfing.  The inference is that the man in the white cap is golfing.  The inference is that the man in the
they are friends.  Premise is a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other. It is contradiction to say a group of gymnasts performing because they are friends.  Premise
they are going fast or slow because they are going slow. The inference is that they are going fast because they are going fast.  The inference is that they are going fast because they are going fast.  The
they are friends. Premise is entailment to say a group of cyclists racing because they are friends. Premise is entailment to say a group of cyclists racing because they are friends. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we want to say that women are
they are watching men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them.  Premise is women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a
women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them.  The inference is that women sit on a beach as they watch
it is neutral to say a motorist is riding his bike in a competition. It is neutral to say a motorist is riding his bike in a competition because it is neutral to say a motorist is riding
he has air. Premise is a motorist gets some air over a rough hill. It is contradiction to say a motorist has stalled because he has air. Premise is a motorist gets some air over a rough hill.
he is riding his bike. Premise is a motorist gets some air over a rough hill. It is entailment to say a motorist is riding his bike because he is riding his bike. Premise is a
it is a motorcyclist. Premise is a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path. It is entailment to say the person is riding a motorcycle because it is a motorcycl
he is flying above the dirt path.  The inference is that the person is flying above the dirt path.  The inference is that the person is flying above the dirt path.  The inference is that the
he is flying through the air above a dirt path. Premise is a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path. It is entailment to say the motorcyclist is in
it is not necessary to specify gender. However, it is necessary to specify race because it is necessary to specify race.  The inference is that the people are asian because they
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "Some people who appear to be
they are not standing in line.  The inference is that the people are waiting for the train.  The inference is that the people are waiting for the train.
he is hanging upside down. It is also neutral to say the child is athletic because he is hanging upside down. The child is athletic because he is hanging upside down is a stronger statement than the child is athletic because he is hanging
he is hanging upside down. Premise is the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole. It is entailment to say the child is upside down because he is hanging upside down. Premise is the
the child is hanging upside down.  The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.  Premise is the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.  It is
there is no man in a green shirt.  The inference is that there is a man in a pink shirt and white vest.  The inference is that there is a man in a pink shirt and
he plays guitar. It is also neutral to say there is a man that is good at music because he plays guitar. It is also neutral to say there is a man that is good at music because he
it is entailment to say there is a man wearing a pink shirt. Premise is entailment to say there is a man wearing a pink shirt because it is entailment to say there is a man
they are reading the paper.  The inference is that they are arguing about the paper.  The inference is that they are arguing about the paper.  The inference is that they are arguing about the paper.
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the paper.  The inference is that the men are reading the paper because they are reading the paper.  The inference is that the men
they are men. Premise is two men in polo shirts reading the paper. It is entailment to say two men read the paper because they are reading the paper. Premise is two men in polo shirts reading the
they are not cruising.  The inference is that the dogs are cruising.  The inference is that the dogs are cruising.  The inference is that the dogs are cruising.  The inference is that the dogs are cruising.
they are cruising down the street. Premise is entailment to say three dogs together because they are cruising down the street. Premise is entailment to say three dogs together because they are cruising down the street. Premise is entailment to say
it is not specific to any one dog. The inference is that the dogs are cruising down the street.  The inference is that the dogs are cruising down the street because it is not specific to any one dog.
he whiffs a ball with a bat. Premise is entailment to say the boy is swinging a bat because he whiffs a ball with a bat. Premise is entailment to say the boy is swinging a bat because
he is swinging a bat.  Premise is a boy whiffs a ball with a bat. It is contradiction to say the boy is swinging a golf club because he is swinging a bat.  Premise is a
he is playing baseball. It is also neutral to say the boy is playing baseball because he is playing baseball. It is also neutral to say the boy is playing baseball because he is playing baseball. It is also neutral to say the boy is
it is a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him. It is neutral to say the bat is wooden because it is a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him. It is neutral to say the
he is swinging at the ball.  Premise is a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him. It is contradiction to say the man is sleeping because he is swinging at the ball.  Premise
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say the man is swinging because he is a man swinging a bat. Premise is entailment to say the man is swinging because he is swinging a bat. Premise
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the chair.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man
he is wearing a black jersey.  The inference is that the man is wearing a black jersey because he is standing in a cubicle.
it is not specific to any one person.  Now let's say we want to infer that the man is a Spurs fan. We can do this by
he is wearing a safety mask.  Premise is a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing
the man wearing a denim jacket and jeans is doing construction on a bridge work while wearing his safety mask.  The conclusion
it is not a statement about the man's identity. It is a statement about the man's behavior.  Now let
he is eating. Premise is entailment to say the man is eating because he is near food. Premise is entailment to say the man is eating because he is near food.
it is not necessary to specify the color of his hair. The inference is that the man has tan pants because tan pants are worn by men.  The inference is not necessary because the man
he is wearing a kilt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a kilt and standing on the ground.  The inference is
he is holding a saw. Premise is entailment to say someone is sawing because he is holding a saw. Premise is entailment to say someone is sawing because he
it is not a statement about the man in the blue jacket. It is a statement about the man in the blue jacket's handsaw.  Premise is a man in a
nobody is working.  The inference is that the man in blue jacket is working.  The inference is that the man in blue jacket is working because nobody is working.  The
they are standing on a city sidewalk at night. Premise is some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the world.  Now, suppose we have a sentence that says "Some people are standing on a
boats don't go on sidewalks.  The inference is that people wait to get on a boat at night.  The inference is that people wait to
they are waiting to board a double decker bus.  Premise is people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus. It is entailment to say people are in line because they are waiting to board
they are waiting in line to board a bus.  The inference is that people are waiting in line to board a bus.  The inference is that people are surfing in the ocean because they are waiting in line
it is not a statement about the bus itself. It is a statement about the people waiting in line.  Now, let's say we want to say that the bus is double decker
it is a natural language inference. But it is not neutral to say a vendor near a rooster hoping for food because it is a natural language inference.  The same goes for the above example.
it is not a vendor. The rooster is a vendor. The rooster is not a vendor. The rooster is a rooster. The rooster is not a vendor. The rooster is a rooster
a rooster is near a vendor. It is entailment to say a vendor sits by his stall because a rooster is nearby. It is entailment to say a vendor sits by his stall because a rooster
it is a man looking out of his window. It is not neutral to say a man enjoys the sun coming through the window because he is a man looking out of his window.  The inference is that the man enjoys the
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man looks out his window because he is looking out his window. Premise is entailment to say a man looks out his window because he is looking out his window because he
he is looking out of the window.  Premise is a man looking out of his window. It is contradiction to say a man takes a nap in the dark room because he is looking out of the window.
he is getting splashed with water.  The inference is that the boy is in a pool.  The inference is that the boy is not in a pool because he is getting splashed with water.
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the clothes.  Now, if we say the boy is wearing swimming clothes, we are making a statement about the boy. We are saying that
the boy is standing in the pool. Premise is a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water. It is entailment to say the water in the pool is being splashed because
he is being splashed. Premise is a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. It is entailment to say a boy is playing in the swimming pool because he is being splashed. Premise
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the pool.  Premise is a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. It is neutral to say a boy is playing in
it is contradictory to say a boy is splashing others at the beach.  Premise is a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. It is contradiction to say a boy is splashing others at
it is not gender specific. But if we say a short person is walking, it is gender specific. So, we need to infer the gender of the person walking.  In
she is walking. Premise is a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side. It is entailment to say a person is
everybody is walking out of the tunnel.  The inference is that the lady is walking out of the tunnel.  The inference is that the lady is walking out of the tunnel.
it is happy. Premise is entailment to say the baby is happy because it is sitting in a highchair. Premise is entailment to say the baby is sitting in a highchair because it is smiling. Premise is entail
it is happy.  Premise is a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted. It is contradiction to say the baby is crying because it is happy.  Premise is a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted. It
it is eating. But it is not neutral to say the baby is eating because it is sitting in a highchair. The baby is eating because it is sitting in a highchair is a conclusion. It is a conclusion because it is a conclusion
the sun is beating down on him.  The inference is that the man on the bike is riding a bike.
it is not stating a fact. It is stating a fact that a man on a bike is performing tricks.  The inference is that the
they are not competing in the tour de france.  The inference is that the man on the bike is competing in the tour
it is not a statement about the teacher. It is neutral to say the young girl is writing notes because
the man is wearing goggles and the girl is wearing gloves.  The inference is that
they are both wearing blue gloves.  Premise: Young man wearing goggles is putting liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing
it is entailment to say a child plays with two brooms inside. Premise is entailment to say a child plays with two brooms outside because it is entailment to
it is neutral to say a child plays outside next to a tree.  Now, let's say we have a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine
it is a contradiction to say a child cuts down a christmas tree.  The child is playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it. It
they are sitting. So, we can infer that they are sitting.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The people are sitting." We can infer that the people are standing.  Now, let's say we have a sentence
there are two people sitting down. It is entailment to say there are two people sitting down because there are two people sitting down. It is entailment to say there are two people sitting down because there are two people sitting down. It is
it is true. It is false to say there are two people at the beach because it is false.  Premise is two people sitting on the sand. It is neutral to say there are two people at the beach because it is true
he is wearing a green shirt.  Premise is a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room. It is entailment to say the man appears
the man is wearing a green shirt. The inference is that the man is wearing a green shirt.  The inference is based on the premise that the man is wearing a green shirt. The inference
he is wearing a green shirt. The man is not cleaning his clothes because he is wearing a green shirt. The man is cleaning his clothes because he is wearing a green shirt. The man is cleaning his
it is neutral to say a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open.
it is entailment to say a woman is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face. Premise is
she is smiling.  The inference is that the woman is smiling.  The inference is that the woman is standing with her hand over her mouth because
there are only four seats.  The inference is that the men are not seated at the back of the bus.  The inference
they are standing in a lift. Premise is two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in
they are leaving the stage.  The inference is that the singer is leaving the stage.  The inference is that the singer is leaving the stage.  The inference is that the singer is
singer is performing a song on stage.  Premise is two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song. It is entailment to say band performing a song on stage because singer is performing a
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the singer is singing. We can do this by using the following steps
he was not listening.  The inference is that the boy was listening because he was not listening.  The inference is that the boy was listening because he was not listening.  The inference is
the child was born in 1998. The child was born in 1998. The child was born in 1998. The child was born in 1998. The child was born in 1998. The child was born in
the man riding a bike is not eating cotton candy. The man riding a bike is eating cotton candy. The man riding a bike is not eating cotton candy. The man riding a bike is eating cotton candy.
it is entailment to say a man is in a swamp. Premise is in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp. It is entailment to say a man in a swamp because it is entailment to
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the man is hunting crocodiles. The hypothesis is that the man is hunting crocodiles. The hypothesis is that the man is hunting crocodiles. The hypothesis
a group of soldiers march in a parade. Premise is a group of soldiers march in a parade. It is entailment to say a group of people march in a parade because a group of people march in a parade.
dogs don't march.  The inference is that the soldiers march in a parade.  The inference is that the soldiers march in a parade.  The inference is that the soldiers march in a parade.
it is not a statement about the soldiers. It is a statement about the parade.  Premise is a group of soldiers march in a parade. It is neutral to say a group of sad soldiers march in a parade
he is squatting in front of stones. Premise is a boy sits in front of stones because he is squatting in front of stones. Premise is
he is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.  The inference is that the boy is
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with
it is a natural language inference.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "I am a man". It is a natural language inference that I am a man because it is a natural language inference.
woman rests her head on man's shoulder.  Premise is a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder. It is entailment to say woman resting her head on man's shoulder because woman rests her
she is not a man.  The inference is that woman baking cake for her husband is a contradiction.  The inference is that woman baking cake for her husband is a contradiction.  The inference is that woman baking
he is standing outside of it. It is also neutral to say the man owns the rv because he is standing outside of it.  The inference is that the man owns the rv because he
he has his finger in his mouth. Premise is a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv. It is entailment to say the man is standing because he has his finger
he is standing outside of it.  Premise is a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv. It is contradiction to say the man is inside his rv
they were at the carnival.  The inference is that they were at the carnival because they were doing homework at home.  The inference is that they were at the carnival because they were doing
it is not a statement about the teens themselves. It is a statement about the action they took.  Premise is two teens trying to win a prize at a
they are in a carnival. Premise is two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival. It is entailment to say two humans are outdoors because they are in a carnival. Premise is two teens trying
they are fixing a machine. It is entailment to say the men are fixing a machine because they are wearing hats. It is entailment to say the men are wearing
they are both wearing hats.  The inference is that the men are both wearing glasses because they are both wearing hats.  The inference is that the men
it is not a statement about the men. It is neutral to say the men are fixing a car because it is not a statement about the machine. It
they are standing in a kitchen. The inference is that they are going to get something to eat because they are standing in a kitchen.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The boys are going to
there are two little boys standing in it. Premise is two little boys are standing in a kitchen. It is entailment to say the kitchen is not empty because there are two little boys standing in it. Premise is two little boys
they are standing in a kitchen.  The inference is that the boys are climbing a tree.  The inference is that the boys are climbing a tree.  The inference is that the boys are climbing a tree.
he is a dog.  The inference is that the child is white and the child holding the dress is black. The inference is that the child holding the dress is black
it is white. But it is not neutral to say the child likes the dress because it is white and the child is dark-skinned. The inference is that the child likes
it is a child. Premise is entailment to say a child holds a dress because it is a child. Premise is entailment to say a child holds a
he is at a restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a man laughing because he is at a restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a man laughing because he is at a restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a man laughing because
it is contradictory to say a man laughing while at a restaurant.  The inference is that the man laughing is at a restaurant.  The inference is that the man crying is at a restaurant.  The inference is that the
it is not a description of the man. It is a description of the action.  Premise is a man laughing while at a restaurant eating. It is neutral to say a man laughing while at a restaurant eating because it is
there are no benches in public.  The inference is that there are people sitting on benches in public area.  The inference is that there are people standing by benches in public area.  The inference is that there
there are people sitting on benches indoors.  Premise is people sitting on benches in a public area. It is entailment to say there are people sitting on benches outdoors because there are people sitting on benches indoors.
it is not a statement about the people sitting on benches. It is a statement about the environment.  Now, let's say we want to infer that there are people sitting on benches indoors talking to each other
the women are not break dancing at the club.  The women are break dancing at the club because the women are break dancing at the club.  The women are break dancing at the club because the women are break
there are women around it. Premise is a group of women around a table to fabric. It is entailment to say there is a table because there are women around it. Premise is a group of women around a table to fabric
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the group.  The inference is that the women are sorority sisters because they are women.  The inference is that the women are sorority sisters
he is a man. Premise is a man is giving a presentation. Premise is entailment to say a man gives presentation because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man is giving a presentation because he is a man.
he is giving a presentation. It is not neutral to say the man is a farmer because he is giving a presentation about farming. The second sentence is a conclusion. It is not neutral to say the man is a farmer because he is giving a presentation about
he is talking.  Premise is a man is giving a presentation. It is contradiction to say the man is not talking because he is talking.  Premise is a man is giving a presentation. It is contradiction to say the man is
it is not a statement about the boyscout. It is a statement about the clear night sky.  Premise is a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a
he is looking through a telescope.  The inference is that the boy scout is making a campfire.  The inference is that the boy scout is making a campfire.  The inference is
the boy scout is looking through a telescope. Premise is a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope. It is entailment to say there is a boy and a telescope because the boy scout
she is not sitting in a restaurant.  The inference is that the man is older than the woman.  The inference is that the man is wearing a printed shirt.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the cigar.  The inference is that the man is older than the cigar. The inference is not that the man is older than the cigar
he is older than a man who is not smoking on a street. Premise is entailment to say a man is smoking on a street because he is older than a man who is not smoking on a
it is entailment to say a man is touching a hanging strand of lamps. Premise is entailment to say a man is touching a hanging strand of lamps because it is entailment to say a man is reaching
he is touching the lamps.  The inference is that the man has his hands shoved into his coat pockets.  The inference is that the man has his hands shoved into his coat pockets.  The inference
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the lamps.  Premise is a man touching a hanging strand of lamps. It is neutral to say a man reaches out to a
they are doing schoolwork on the blackboards. The children are doing schoolwork on the blackboards because they are doing schoolwork
they are standing in front of it.  The inference is that the children are not putting out the fire because they are standing in front
they are holding squares of blackboard. Premise is in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of
the man is wearing dark jeans.  The inference is that the man is wearing dark jeans.  The inference
it is not necessary to know the man's name.  The inference is that the man is the husband of the
they are wearing the same clothes.  Premise is a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and
it is not a statement about the choir. It is a statement about the program.  Now, if you want to say that the choir is doing a christmas program, you can say it is a christ
the choir are performing.  The inference is that the choir are performing because they are taking in a ball game.  The inference is that the choir are performing because they are taking in a ball game.
they are singing. Premise is a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing. It is entailment to say the choir is singing because they are singing. Premise is a choir made up of varying ages of people
it is entailment to say a person walks a way from a dirt circle. Premise is entailment to say a person walks a way from a dirt circle
he is wearing blue pants and white shirt.  The inference is that the person walks away from the dirt circle on multicolored grass.  The inference is that the person walks away
he is wearing blue pants and a white shirt. Premise is entailment to say a person walks away because he is wearing blue pants and a white shirt. Premise is entailment
it is entailment to say people are riding bikes on a road. It is entailment to say people are riding bikes in both directions
it is not a statement about the road. It is a statement about bicyclists.  Premise is a view of bicyclists on a city street,
bicyclists are riding in both directions.  Premise is a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with
he is standing in a rowboat.
he is wearing a white shirt, dark shorts and a
the lake is dry.  The inference
she is walking next to stores. Premise is entailment to say a young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby stores because she is walking next to stores. Prem
it is not specific to a person. It is also neutral to say a young woman is on a shopping trip because it is not specific to a person.  The inference is that the young woman is on
she is wearing a skirt and boots. Premise is a contradiction.  Premise is a contradiction. Premise is a contradiction. Premise is a contradiction. Premise is a contradiction. Prem
they are playing outside.  The inference is that the boy and girl are playing outside.  The inference is that the boy and girl are playing outside.  The inference is that the boy
they are playing together. Premise is entailment to say the boy and girl are playing together because they are playing together. Premise is entailment to say the boy and girl are playing together
they are playing together. Premise is a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area. It is entailment to say the boy and girl are outside because they are playing
it could be either. But if you say a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building, it is not neutral. It is a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.  Now,
he is shoveling snow off the roof of a building. Premise is entailment to say a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building because he is working in the snow. Premise is entailment to
she is a young woman shoveling snow off the roof of a building. Premise is a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building. Premise is a young woman working in the snow because she is a
they are playing a video game.  The inference engine is able to infer that the kids are playing a video game because they are at the table eating dinner.  The inference engine is able to infer that the kids are at the
they are playing a video game. It is also neutral to say the children are having fun together because they are playing a video game together.  The inference is that the children are having fun together because they are playing a video game together.
they are indoors playing a video game. Premise is children playing a video game together. It is entailment to say the kids are indoors playing a video game because they are indoors playing a video game. Premise is children playing a
they are not fighting over the remote.  Premise is there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball. It is contradiction to say two children fight over the remote because
they are playing in the snow. Premise is there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball. It is entailment to say children play in the snow because they are playing
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The conclusion is that the snowball fight is between two brothers.  The inference is that the snowball fight is between two brothers.  The inference
it is not a statement about the man repairing the car. It is a statement about the car.  Now, let's say the man is repairing a car. The inference is that the man
a man is wearing an orange jacket.  Premise is a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports. It is entailment to say a man reaches
he is not in a boat.  The inference is that the man is in the boat.  The inference is that the man is in the boat because he is in an orange jacket.
the beach is empty.  The inference engine is a neural network that learns from the data. It learns to predict the truth of the statement.  The inference engine is trained on data from the web. It learns
it is true. It is also true that a married couple and their kids walk along the beach on a sunny day. So, we can infer that a married couple and their kids walk along the beach on a sunny
dogs don't drive buses.  The inference is that the woman with the purse is driving the bus.  The inference is that
a woman with a large white and colorful purse waits at a bus stop.
it is not necessary to specify the airport. However, it is necessary to specify the bus because it is a
they are not working. It is also neutral to say they are on break because they are talking about the ship. The inference is that they are talking about the ship because they are on break.  The inference is that they are
they are talking about the ship. However, it is not neutral to say they are talking about the ship because they are close to the water.  The inference is that the workers are talking about the ship because they are
they are talking.  The inference is that the workers are talking about the ship.  The inference is that the workers are talking about the ship.  The inference is that the workers are talking about the ship.
they are paddling a canoe.  The inference is that people are paddling a canoe on the ocean during sunset.  The inference is that people are paddling a canoe on the ocean during sunset.
it is entailment to say sunset because it is entailment to say sunset because it is entailment to say sunset because it is entailment to say sunset because it is entailment to say sunset because
it is entailment to say sunset is sunset because it is entailment to say sunset is sunset because it is entailment to say sunset is sunset because it is entailment to say sunset is sunset
they are playing street soccer.  Premise is a group of boys playing street soccer. It is contradiction to say a group of boys are sitting down because they are playing street soccer.  Premise is a group of boys playing
it is not a team of boys playing street soccer. It is a team of boys playing street soccer.  Premise is a group of boys playing street soccer. It is neutral to say a team is playing street soccer because it is not
it is entailment to say a group of boys are playing soccer in the street. Premise is entailment to say a group of boys are playing soccer in the street because it is entailment to say a group of
it is not a rally in a specific country. It is a rally in a different country.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says, "I'm going to a rally in a different country." That sentence is not
it is a contradiction to say a rally in a different country.  The inference is that the carnival is in a different country.  The inference is that the carnival is in a different country.  The inference is that
it is a rally in a different country.  Premise is a rally in a different country. It is entailment to say a rally in a seperate country because it is a rally in a different country.  Premise
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars.  Now we can infer that the
it is entailment to say a person is performing a trick.  Premise is a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while
nobody has a blue shirt.  The inference is that the man in the blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars.  The inference is that the man
she is reading a book.  The inference is that the woman is dancing because she is reading a book.  The inference is that the woman is dancing because she is reading a book.  The inference is that the woman is
she has a grocery tote. It is entailment to say she has a grocery tote because she is reading. It is entailment to say she is reading because she has a grocery tote because she is a woman. It is
she is reading a book. It is entailment to say she is holding a grocery tote because she is holding a book. It is entailment to say she is holding a grocery tote because she is reading a book.
he is playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth.  The inference is that the man is in a heavy metal band because he is playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his
he has the microphone inside his mouth.  Premise is a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth. It is contradiction to say the man is playing the trombone because
he is playing it. Premise is a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth. It is entailment to say the man is holding an instrument because he is playing it. Premise
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the fountain. The child is getting wet from the fountain is a statement about the child.  The child is getting wet from the fountain
the child is playing next to a fountain.  Premise is a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain. It is contradiction to say the child has a green shirt because the child is playing next
he is wearing a maroon shirt. Premise is entailment to say the child is at play because he is playing next to a fountain. Premise is entailment to say the child is at play because he is
he is kneeling down. The inference is that he is kneeling down because he is working on a duct.  The inference is based on the context. The context is that he is kneeling down. The context is that he is working
it is obscured by the welding mask. The inference is that the man's head is obscured by the welding mask.  The inference is that the man's head is obscured by the welding mask.  The inference is
the man is wearing a welding mask. The inference is that the man is working underneath the vehicle.  The inference is a logical inference. It is a logical inference because it is a contradiction. Premise is a man
he is wearing a red muscle shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man is posing because he is wearing a red muscle shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man
he is at home sleeping.  The inference is that the man is at home sleeping because he is at home sleeping.  The inference is that the man is at home
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the picture. The picture is a statement about the man. The man is a statement about the picture. The picture
he is not playing with his skateboard.  The inference is that the man is playing with his skateboard.  The inference is that the man is not playing with his skateboard.
he is able to use his legs. Premise is entailment to say a man is able to use his legs because he is able to use his legs. Premise is entailment to say a man is
he is playing with his skateboard on a street. It is entailment to say a man is outside because he is playing with his skateboard on a street. It is entailment to say a man is outside because he is
they are going to a hockey game.  The inference is that they are going to a hockey game because they are married.  The inference is that they are going to a hockey game because they are
they are standing at the alter. Premise is a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married. It is entailment to say a couple is getting married because they are standing at the alter. Premise
it is neutral to say a man and woman are getting married.  Premise is a man and woman stand at the alter as they get married. It is neutral to say a man and woman are getting
she is drowning. It is neutral to say the man splashes because he is trying to keep from drowning in the river because he is drowning. It is neutral to say the woman splashes because she is drowning
it is raining.  The inference is that someone is having a picnic near the lake because it is raining.  The inference is that someone is having a picnic near the lake because it is raining.  The inference is that
they are splashing in water. Premise is entailment to say a person is splashing in water because they are splashing in water. Premise is entailment to say a person is splashing in water because they are splashing
they are walking on the streets. But it is not neutral to say the two people are talking about the weather because they are talking about the weather.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is not.
they are walking.  The inference is that the two people are walking.  The inference is that the two people are walking.  The inference is that the two people are walking.  The inference is that the two people
they are on the streets. Premise is two person are walking on the streets. It is entailment to say the to people are walking because they are on the streets. Premise is two person are walking on the streets. It is entail
it is contradictory to say a boy in orange runs through a local mall.  Premise is a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the bike.  Premise is a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a
he is wearing an orange shirt. Premise is entailment to say a boy in orange rides his dirt bike because he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment to
it is not clear whether the cyclists are racing or not.  The inference is that the leader is wearing solid
they are racing ahead of a red bmw.  The inference is that the leader is wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants because he is racing ahead of
horses are not used for racing.  The inference is that the leader is wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the cliff face.  The statement is true because it is a statement about the cliff face. It is false because it is a statement about
man straining to climb a cliff face. Premise is man straining to climb cliff face. It is entailment to say man climbing a cliff face because man straining to climb a cliff face. Premise is man straining to climb cliff
she is a woman. It is not neutral to say a woman escapes a hostile enviroment because she is a woman and she has a pink purse.  The second premise is that the
she has a pink purse. Premise is entailment to say a woman walks through a crowd because she has a pink purse because she walks down a crowded sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say a woman walks down
it is not a statement about the woman. It is neutral to say the woman walks down the sidewalk because it is not a statement about the sidewalk. It is neutral to say the woman walks down the crowded sidewalk because it is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the man.  The woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium.  The woman is sitting in
it is a neutral statement. The man is talking about the fair. The woman is standing next to him. The man is talking about the fair. The man is talking about the fair. The man
it is not a statement about gender. The inference is that the man is talking to the woman.  The inference is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the context of the conversation.
the lion is not a clown.  The inference is that the man is the lion and the woman is the clown.  The inference is that the man is the
the lady is looking away. Premise is entailment to say a man is looking at the camera
he is posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away. It is entailment to say the woman is looking away because she is posing for
there are no boys or girls standing next to a table.  The inference is that there are boys and girls standing next to a table.
there are boys and girls sitting at a table. It is entailment to say there are boys and girls sitting at a table because there are boys and
it is not a statement about the boys and girls. It is a statement about the table.  Now, let's say we want to
they are happy. But it is not neutral to say the woman is smiling because she is happy. The inference is that the woman is smiling because she is happy.  The inference is that the woman is smiling because she is happy.
it is a contradiction to say two men are hugging. Premise is a man hugging a woman. It is contradiction to say two men are hugging because it is a contradiction to say two men are hugging. Premise is a man hugging a woman.
he is with his arm around her. Premise is entailment to say a man is with a woman because he is with his arm around her. Premise is entailment to say a man is with a woman because he is with
it is entailment to say a couple of men are sitting on a couch.  The inference is that the two men are sitting on a couch.  The inference is that the two men are sitting on a couch
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the couch.  Now, if we say "two men are sitting on a couch" we are saying that there are two men sitting on a couch. We
they are sitting on a couch.  The inference is that they are sitting on a couch.  The inference is that they are sitting on a couch. Premise is two men are sitting on a couch. It is contradiction to say two
she is not holding a microphone.  Premise is a young man holding a microphone and singing. It is contradiction to say a woman is riding a bike outside because she is not holding a microphone.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about the young man. It is a statement about the bar.  Premise is a young man singing karaoke in a bar.  Premise is a young man singing
he is holding a microphone and singing. Premise is entailment to say a man is performing a song because he is holding a microphone and singing. Premise is entailment to say a man is performing a song because he is holding
the dog is brown and black.  The inference is that the dog is brown and black.  The inference is that the dog is brown and black.  The inference is that the dog is brown and
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog's nose itches because it is rubbing its face in the grass. The dog's nose itches because it is rubbing its face in the grass. The
he rubs his face in the grass. Premise is a dog is outside because he rubs his face in the grass. Premise is a dog is outside because he rubs his face in the grass. Premise
he is explaining different varieties of tomatoes.  Premise is a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers. It is contradiction to say the chef is eating fried chicken because he is explaining different varieties of tomatoes.  Premise
he knows a lot about tomatos. It is neutral to say he knows a lot about tomatos because he knows a lot about tomatoes. It is neutral to say he knows a lot about tomatos because he knows a lot about
he likes to cook. It is also neutral to say he likes to cook because he likes to eat.  The inference is that he likes to cook because he likes to eat.  The inference is that he likes to eat because he
it is not a person. It is neutral to say a person is trimming a tree because it is not a person. It is neutral to say a person is trimming a tree because it is not a person
a person is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.  Premise is a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree. It is entailment to say a person is messing with
it is a natural language inference. It is not a natural language inference to say a worker falls out of a tree because it is a natural language inference.  The natural language inference is a natural language inference.
he was a car manufacturer.  The inference is that the man is Henry Ford. The inference
he is wearing a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is
they are not inside.  Premise is entailment to say a dog and a duck are outside because they are not inside.  Premise is entailment to say a dog and a duck are outside because they are
it is a dog chasing a duck. Premise is entailment to say a dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck because it is chasing a duck. Premise is entailment to say
he is chasing a duck.  The inference is that the dog is chasing a duck.  The inference is that the dog is sitting for his owner because he is chasing a duck.  The inference is that the dog
they are wearing punk-style clothing. Premise is two men in punk-style clothing standing in front of a wall. It is entailment to say two men standing outdoors because they are wearing punk-style clothing.
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the wall.  Now, let's say we have a picture of the wall. We can use the picture
it is contradictory to say a group of girls getting ready for a party.  The inference is that the two men are not the same group of girls.  The inference is that the two
they are both men. It is also neutral to say they are partners because they are both partners. The inference is that they are partners because they are both men.  Premise is two men have an after dinner discussion at the
they are men. It is entailment to say they are discussing because they are discussing. It is entailment to say they are discussing because they are discussing. It is entailment to say they are discussing because they are discussing.
they are awake in the motel.  The inference is that the men are awake in the motel because they are awake in the motel.  The inference is that the men are awake in the motel because they are
she is playing a game. It is also neutral to say she is playing a game because she is a girl.  The inference is that she is playing a game because she is a girl.  The inference is
she is throwing a wet sponge. Premise is a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge. It is entailment to say the girl is throwing something because she is throwing a wet sponge. Premise is a girl with
she is throwing a wet sponge.  The inference is that the girl is throwing a wet sponge.  The inference is that the girl is throwing a wet sponge.  The inference is that the girl is throwing a
he is wearing a blue helmet.  The inference is that the man is in the gym.  The inference is that the man is in the gym because he is wearing a blue helmet.  The inference
he is riding his motorcycle. It is also neutral to say the man is speeding because he is riding his motorcycle. It is also neutral to say the man is speeding because he is wearing a blue helmet.  Now, let
he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment to say the man is driving because he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment to say the man is driving because he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment
it is not a relationship. It is not a relationship because it is not a boy and a girl hugging each other. It is a boy and a girl hugging each other.  Premise is a girl and a boy hugging on
it is a contradiction to say cat and dog fighting on a boat.  The inference is that the girl and boy are hugging on a bridge.  The inference is that the girl and boy are hugging on a bridge.
they are a girl and a boy. Premise is a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge. It is entailment to say two people hugging because they are a girl and a boy. Premise is a girl and a boy hugging on
they are hugging in the woods. Premise is entailment to say the children hug in the woods because they are hugging in the woods. Premise is entailment to say the children
he is hitting her. It is also neutral to say the little girl is hitting the little boy because she is hitting him.  The inference is that the little girl is hitting the
she is comforting him. It is neutral to say the little girl is consoling the boy because she is comforting him because he is sad. It is neutral to say the little girl
the gentleman is wearing a red plaid shirt and black pants.  The inference is that the gentleman is speaking to the young lady.  The inference is
it is not known whether the gentleman is speaking to his daughter or his wife.  The inference is that the gentleman is speaking to his daughter
the gentleman is wearing a red plaid shirt and black pants. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment
a person wearing a kilt juggles.  Premise is a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling. It is entailment to say a person
a person rides a bike down a hill wearing pants.  Premise is a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling. It is contradiction to say
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the act of juggling.  Premise is a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt,
he is wearing a shirt. It is entailment to say a man in a green shirt juggles because he is wearing a green shirt. It is entailment to say a man in a green
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the juggling. Premise is a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs
a man in a green shirt cannot juggle a bear.  The inference is that the man in the green shirt is juggling three clubs.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the clown. It is a statement about the man riding the tall bike. The inference is that the man riding the tall bike is a clown.
he is tall. Premise is am man rides a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building. It is entailment to say a man rides a bike outside because he is
a dog cannot ride a bicycle.  Premise is am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building. It is contradiction to say a dog rides a
it is not clear whether the party is over or not. It is also neutral to say a party has just begun because it is not clear whether the party is over or not.  Now, let's say that the party
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Premise is a group of people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets. It is neutral to say a group of people fight in their dreams
they are covered by blankets. It is entailment to say a group of people are covered by blankets because they are laying on the floor. It is entailment to say a group of people are laying on the floor because they
there is a hopscotch. Premise is entailment to say there is a young woman because there is a hopscotch. Premise is entailment to say there is a young woman because there is a hopscot
she is playing hopscotch. Premise is a girl playing hopscotch. Premise is a girl sitting in the snow. Premise is a girl playing hopscotch. Premise is a girl sitting in
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the activity.  Premise is a young woman playing hopscotch. It is neutral to say a girl is teaching her
he is sliding down a hill. Premise is entailment to say a child is sliding down a hill because he is wearing a red jacket and black hat. Premise is entailment to
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill. It is neutral to say a
he is wearing a red jacket and black hat.  Premise is a boy in a red jacket and black hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill. It is contradiction to
he is a musician.  Premise is a musician playing his violin. It is contradiction to say the race car driver accelerates around a curve because he is a musician.  Premise is a musician playing his violin. It
it is not a statement about the violinist. It is a statement about the stage. The violinist is on stage with other musicians because he is playing his violin. The violinist is playing his violin because he is on stage with other
he is a musician. Premise is a musician playing his violin. It is entailment to say a person is playing an instrument because he is a musician. Premise is a musician playing his violin. It is entailment to say a person is
he is wearing a black shirt. Premise is entailment to say the boy is wearing a black shirt because he is walking outside. Premise is entailment to say the boy is wearing a black
the boy is walking down the grassy hill. The inference is that the boy is walking down the grassy hill.  The inference is that the boy is walking down
it is a natural language inference. But if you say the boy is going to school because he is going to school, then you are making a logical inference.  Now, if you say the boy is going to school because he
it is not a natural language inference.  The natural language inference is a logical inference. It is a logical inference because it is a logical inference. It is a logical inference because it is a logical inference. It is
he is wearing red and black shirt.  Premise is boy in red and black shirt walks through grass. It is entailment to say the boy is walking because he is wearing red and black shirt.  Premise is boy
he is not in the same room as the movie.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises. The inference engine is
it is not specific to any one location.  Now let's say we want to infer that the man is performing a balancing trick over a canal in
he is sitting outdoors with some of his belongings. It is also neutral to say a man is homeless because he is sitting outdoors with some of his belongings and he is homeless.  The inference is that the man is homeless because he is sitting
he has some belongings. It is entailment to say a man has some belongings because he is outside. It is entailment to say a man is outside because he has some belongings because he is outside. It is entailment to say a
he is outside.  The inference is that the man is outside.  The inference is that the man is outside. Premise is a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings. It is contradiction to say a man is inside because
he is smiling.  Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. It is contradiction to say the little boy is playing video games because he is smiling.  Premise is young boy smiles
he is wearing shoes. But it is not neutral to say he is barefoot because he is wearing sandals.  Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. It is neutral to say he is barefoot
he is smiling. Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. It is entailment to say he is outside because he is smiling. Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. It is
it is not sleeping.  The inference is that the child is smoking something.  The inference is that the child is smoking something.  The inference is that the child is smoking something.  The
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the child's race and nationality.  The inference is that the child is smoking something. The inference is not that the child is smoking
it is smoking something.  Premise is young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument. It is entailment to say a child is asian because it is smoking something.  Premise
the scope is on the boat. Premise is a lady and child are on a boat and the
she is on a boat. Premise is a lady is looking through a scope at the ocean because she is on a boat. Premise is a lady
she is looking out into the ocean through a scope.  The inference is that the lady laid down for the day because she is looking out into the ocean through a scope
she is on a yacht. Premise is entailment to say a woman is on a yacht because
she is wearing a pink jacket.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a pink jacket because
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her jacket.  The
the premise says so. Premise is a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching. Premise is
they are not in the storage unit.  The inference is that the man in the storage unit is eating a meal.  The inference is that the man in the
they are watching him. It is also neutral to say that the man in the storage unit is smiling because he is happy because he is
there are black dresses. Premise is entailment to say there are black dresses because women sing together. Premise is entailment to say women sing together because they wear matching dresses. Premise is entailment to say there are
some women are singing at the cafe.  The inference is that some women are knitting at the cafe.  The inference is that some women are knitting at the cafe.  The inference is that some women
it is not a statement about the women's appearance. However, it is a statement about the women's behavior. The inference is that the women are singing together because they are wearing matching black dresses.
it is entailment to say athletic woman rollerblading. Premise is entailment to say athletic woman rollerblading because it is entailment to say woman rollerblading. Premise
it is not specific to her. It is also neutral to say woman rollerblading because it is not specific to her.  Now, let's say we have a second person who is
girl eats sandwich. Premise is a girl because girl eats sandwich. Premise is athletic because athletic woman eats sandwich. Premise is gray top because gray top is athletic woman. Premise is black
there is no little girl.  The inference is that there is a little girl taking a nap.  The inference is that there is a little girl taking a nap.  The inference is that
it is a baseball cap.  Premise is there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap. It is entailment to say there are several people, one has a cap
it is true. But it is not true that there are many people attending a baseball game because it is false. So we can infer that there are many people attending a baseball game because it is true.
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the grassy field.  Now, we can infer that the dogs are playing outside from the premise. We can infer that the dogs are playing outside from the premise because it
dogs cannot be on a sandy beach.  Premise is two dogs in a grassy field. It is contradiction to say two dogs are on a sandy beach because dogs cannot be on a sandy beach.  Premise is two
they are in a grassy field. It is entailment to say two dogs are outside because they are in a grassy field because they are dogs. It is entailment to say two dogs are outside because they are dogs because they are outside.
it is not clear whether the people are throwing the party or the party is throwing them.  The inference is that the people are throwing the party.
they are happy. It is neutral to say some people are throwing a party because they are sad. It is neutral to say some people are throwing a party because they
they are happy to be throwing a party.  The inference is that the speaker is happy to be throwing a party.  The inference is
they are talking.  The inference is that the friends are talking about food.  The inference is that the friends are talking about food.  The inference is that the friends are talking about food.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the drinks.  The inference is that the three people have drinks in their hand.  The inference is that the three people have drinks in their hand.  The inference
they are friends.  Premise is three friends are talking. It is entailment to say three people are hanging out because they are friends.  Premise is three friends are talking. It is entailment to say three people are hanging out because
she is wearing a white t-shirt. Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is false. Conclusion is false.  Premise
he is holding a pair of sunglasses. Premise is a man is wearing a white shirt is entailment to say a man is wearing a white shirt because he is holding a pair of sunglasses. Prem
it is neutral to say a man is shopping. It is neutral to say a man is holding a pair of sunglasses because it is neutral to say a man is holding a pair of sunglasses. It is neutral to say a
it is a boy in a coat. Premise is a boy in a coat because it is a boy in a coat. Premise is a boy in a coat because it
he is wearing a blue and white striped coat. The inference is that the boy is fifteen years old.  The inference is based on the premise that the boy is wearing a blue
he is walking.  The inference is that the boy is walking.  The inference is that the boy is flying a plane.  The inference is that the
it is not a dog carrying a stick in the snow. It is neutral to say a dog is carrying a stick in the snow because it is not carrying a stick in the snow. It is neutral to say a dog is
it is not a dog house.  Premise is a dog carries an object in the snow. It is contradiction to say a dog is asleep in its dog house because it is not a dog house.  Premise
it is a dog. Premise is a dog is a dog. It is entailment to say a dog is a dog because it is a dog. Premise is a dog is a dog. It is entailment
dogs cannot walk through gates.  The inference is that the blond-haired men are the dogs.  The inference is that the blond-haired men are the dogs
it is not specific to any one family.  The inference is that the family is a family of three people.  The inference is that the family is a family of
there are barbed wire on top. Premise is two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top. Premise is entailment
curly hair is not a food.  The inference is that the girl is eating a hamburger.  The inference is that the girl is eating a hamburger because the girl
she has curly hair. Premise is little girl with curly hair drinking her cup of juice. It is entailment to say a girl is ingesting liquid because she has curly hair. Premise is little girl with curly
it is not a fact. It is a statement.  Premise is little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice. It is neutral to say a girl with curly hair is drinking through
they are listening to music.  The inference is that the people are at a play because they are listening to music.  The inference is that the people are
they are listening to the concert in the dark.  Premise is a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot
it is not a statement about the nature of the concert. It is a statement about the nature of the lights.  The inference is that the concert is happening
they are holding a basketball. It is entailment to say they jump because they are holding a basketball because they are two boys. It is entailment to say they jump because they are two boys because they are jumping in the
they are inside a fence.  The inference is that the boys jump in the air while holding a basketball.  The inference is that the boys jump in the air while holding a basketball.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the basketball.  Now, let's say that the boys are jumping with excitement because they are playing basketball. Then the statement is true.
there are multiple children present.  The problem is that the inference is not always correct. For example, if there are two children present, it is not entailment to say there are multiple people
they are all children. It is neutral to say the children can all swim because they are all children who play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face. It is neutral to
they are playing in a shallow pool.  The inference engine is trained on the data. It learns the rules of inference. It learns the rules of inference by training on the data.
they are not together.  Premise is a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set. It is contradiction to say a boy and a girl are cooking breakfast because they are not together.
it is not a boy and girl child.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Premise: A boy and girl child swing together on a swing set.
it is entailment to say two children are playing on a swing set. Premise is a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set. It is entailment to say two children are playing on a
it is not a statement about the riders themselves. It is a statement about the ceremony.  The inference
they are sitting on them.  The inference is that the men are riding their motorcycles.  The inference
they are on horses.  Premise is two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant
clown entertains people at birthday party. But it is not neutral to say clown entertains people at a birthday party because clown entertains people at birthday party.  The first sentence is a neutral
knives are not thrown.  Premise is a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle. It is contradiction to say man throws knives at unsuspecting people because knives are not thrown.
he is wearing a bright yellow shirt. Premise is entailment to say man performs a juggling act on a unicycle because he is wearing a bright yellow shirt. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the event.  Now, let's say we have a natural language
they are wearing pink and t-shirts for summer school 60th anniversary.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference engine that can infer
it is a contradiction to say a man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner.  The inference is
they both have a beard. Premise is entailment to say people share a conversation because they both have hands up. Premise is entailment to say people share a conversation because they both have a
they are both men.  Premise is a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard. It is contradiction to say two men row a
he is perplexed by the events. The inference is that the man is perplexed by the events because he puts his hands up.  The inference is not that the man is
they are in a crowded room that looks smokey.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion. The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises
it is a neutral statement. It is not neutral to say someone is in a bar because it is a statement about the person.  The inference is that the person is in a bar because she
she is wearing a low cut blue shirt.  Premise is a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey. It is entailment to say someone is inside
they are being sprayed with water. Premise is three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person. It is entailment to say animals are in a tub because they are being sprayed with water.
it is true. It is also true that three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by the vet because it is true. It is also true that three puppies are in
the premise is three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.  The inference is that the person is the mother of the puppies.  The inference is
it is entailment to say a couple of people are standing at the end of the dock. Premise is two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock. It is entailment to
it is not a gender specific statement. The inference is that the two people are men.  Now, let's say that the two people are women. The inference is that the two people are women.
it is not a statement about the people standing at the end of the dock. It is a statement about the lake.  Now, let's say we want to say that the people standing at the end of
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the television audience.  Now, let's say that the man is wearing a blue shirt
he is smoking a cigar.  The inference is that the man is enjoying a cigar at a party.  The inference is that the man is enjoying a cigar at
he is presenting in front of a television. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a button up shirt because he is presenting in front of a television. Prem
it is not a speaker talking to a tv. It is a speaker talking to a tv.  Now, let's say the speaker is talking about a bear. The speaker says "there is a bear in the
it is not a speaker. It is also neutral to say the tv volume is turned off because it is not a speaker.  Now, let's say the speaker is talking to a person. The speaker says "the
a tv is talking.  The speaker is talking because the tv is talking.  The tv is talking because the speaker is talking.  The tv is talking because the speaker is talking.  The tv is talking
one man is standing on a street while another man lies on a table in the morgue.  The inference is that
there is a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him.  Premise is a man standing on a
it is not a statement about the man who is standing on the street. It is a statement about the suitcase.
he is taking a picture of the beach.  The inference is that the man is outside.  The inference is that the man is taking a picture of the beach.  The inference is that the man is outside.
he is taking a picture of the beach. Premise is a necessary condition for entailment.  Premise is a necessary condition for entailment.  Premise is a necessary condition for entailment.  Premise is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the beach. The inference is that the man is taking a picture of the beach because he is a photographer.  The inference is not that the man is a photographer
they are both in the same classroom.  The inference is that the man is
they are pointing out something in the book.  The inference is that the young
they are both wearing blue t-shirts.  The inference is that they are in college
she is wearing black skirt.  The inference is that the lady is sad because she is wearing black skirt.  The inference is that the lady is sad because she is wearing black skirt.  The inference is that the lady
she is wearing a black skirt. Premise is lady in black skirt is getting excited. It is entailment to say a lady is excited because she is wearing a black skirt. Premise is lady in black skirt is getting excited. It is entail
she is excited. It is not neutral to say a lady is excited after winning a contest because she is a lady.  The inference is that lady in black skirt is getting excited because she is a lady.  The inference
he is wearing a wife-beater.  Premise is a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the audience.  Premise is a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone
he is wearing a wife-beater. Premise is entailment to say a man performs under a light because he is wearing a wife-beater. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the lantern.  Now let's say we
the dog is not there.  The inference is that the man and his daughter build the doghouse while
they are holding a chinese lantern.  The inference is that the man with the drill is smiling
there are multiple people in the room.  Premise is some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk. It is entailment to say multiple people are indoors near a piece of
he is not standing in the room.  The inference is that the man is standing in the room.  The inference is that the man is standing in the room.
the girl is looking at her phone.  Premise is two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other
they are sitting on a park bench.  The inference is that the girls are at school taking an exam.  The inference is that the girls are at
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the girl is browsing reddit on her phone. The inference is that the girl is browsing reddit on
drums are not guitars.  Premise is a man in a black shirt working on a guitar. It is contradiction to say a guy working on his drums because drums are not guitars.  Premise is a man in
it is entailment to say a guy working on his instrument. It is entailment to say a guy working on his instrument because it is entailment to say a guy working on his instrument. It is entailment to say
it is not a man in a black shirt working on a guitar. It is neutral to say a guy working on his bass guitar because it is not a man in a black shirt working on a guitar. It is neutral to
he is in the bucket of a cherry picker.  Premise is a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts
he is working in the sun. It is neutral to say a man is working in the sun because he is working in the sun. It is
she is a woman.  Premise is a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chains
they are wearing winter jackets. It is also neutral to say the girls are wearing winter jackets because they are girls.  Now let's say the girls are wearing winter jackets because they
they are wearing winter jackets.  Premise is two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow. It is contradiction to say
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the snowman.  The girls are building a snowman is a statement about the snowman.
they are dressed in coats, hats, and scarves. Premise is entailment to say the couple stood in the snow because they are dressed in coats, hats, and scarves. Prem
the couple is dressed in coats, hats, and scarves.  The inference is that the couple stood on the beach together.  The inference is that the couple stood on the beach
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the photographer.  The inference is that the couple stood in the snow together for the photographer.
it is a common occurrence.
the net is on top of
it is a taxi cab
the blond woman is holding a microphone. Premise is a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black. It is contradiction to say two girls playing the drums because the blond
he is singing. The blond woman in black is a singer. The blond woman in black is a blond woman in black. The blond woman in black is a singer. The blond woman in black is a blond
it is not a statement about gender. The woman is not teaching the boy to sing, she is teaching him to sing in a particular way. The boy is not singing, he is vocalizing
bicycles are not used by devils.  The inference is that the man dressed as an angel balances the woman dressed as an
they are dressed as angels. Premise is entailment to say two people are outside because they are dressed as angels. Premise is entailment to
they are dressed as angels.  Premise is a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed
she is sitting on a horse. It is also neutral to say the girl is getting riding lessons because she is holding a teddy bear.  Premise is a young girl in a riding
she is holding a teddy bear. Premise is entailment to say the girl is riding a horse because she is sitting on a horse. Premise is entailment to say the girl
she is sitting on it. Premise is a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear. Premise is a young girl in a riding outfit is
it is not a statement about him. It is a statement about the house.  The inference is that the man was working on
it is entailment to say a single
he was laying shingles.  The inference is that the man was watching tv.  The inference is that the man was watching
white dogs are not standing in snowbanks. Premise is a large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by
they are standing near each other. Premise is a dog and a dog is a dog. Premise is a dog and
the table is not in the background.  The inference is that the table is in the background.  The inference is that the table is in the
it is a natural language inference.  The hand is holding a strainer with a small amount of liquid
it is a hand holding a strainer. Premise is entailment to say a table contains bins because it is a table with bins in the background. Premise
he is blond. Premise is entailment to say a blond man is playing a guitar because he is playing a guitar. Premise is entailment to say a blond man is playing a guitar because he is blond. Premise is entailment
it is not specific to blond men.  The conclusion is that blond men are well dressed.  The inference is that blond men are well dressed because they are blond men.  The inference is that blond men are well dressed
baldness is a condition of hair loss. Premise is a contradiction to say a blond man is playing a guitar because blondness is a condition of hair loss. Premise is a contradiction to say a bald man is playing a guitar because bald
it is indoors.  The inference is that the racetrack is outdoors because the racetrack is outdoors.  The inference is that the racetrack is
it is long. It is neutral to say the racetrack is wide because it is wide. It is neutral to say the racetrack is flat because it is flat
there are cyclists. Premise is four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms. It is entailment to say there
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words'sad,' 'depressed,' and 'hatred' on a large sheet of white paper. It is contradiction to say a woman in an american green military uniform is smiling because she is happy.  The inference is that the woman in the green
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words'sad,' 'depressed,' and 'hatred' on a large sheet of white paper. It is entailment to say a woman in an american military uniform because it is entailment to say a woman in an american military uniform.
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words'sad,' 'depressed,' and 'hatred' on a large sheet of white paper. It is contradiction to say a woman is diving off a mountain because she is depressed.  The inference is that the woman is depressed because she is diving off
she is writing on a piece of paper.  The inference is that she is writing on a rock because she is writing on
she is in a us military uniform. It is not neutral to say a woman is writing a
she is writing on paper. Premise is a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with
the man and child are sitting on steps.  Premise is a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by. It is entailment to
the man is sitting on steps.  Premise is a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by. It is contradiction to say a man and a child watched tv because the
the man and child are sitting on steps. Premise is entailment to say a man saw a bystander because a man is sitting on steps. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the race. It is a statement about the rock.  The inference is that the two people are racing each other. The inference is not that the two people are racing each other
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the rock.  The inference is that the kids are climbing the rock because they are kids.  The inference is that the kids are climbing the rock because
they are overhanging water. It is entailment to say they are climbing because they are overhanging water because they are two people. It is entailment to say they are climbing because they are overhanging water because they are
she is standing in the river.  The inference is that the girl is swimming in the river.  The inference is that the
she is standing in a river. The girl is not wearing shoes. The girl is not wearing socks. The girl is not
she is standing in a river next to a big rock.  Premise is a young girl in a white t-shirt and a
there is a victorian style building in the background.  Premise is there is a victorian style building in the
the boat is sitting on the water.  The inference is that the building is a victorian style building, and
they have a paddle boat. It is also neutral to say the owners of a house enjoy their pond because they have a paddle
it is not a statement about the person wearing the shirt. The inference is that the person wearing the shirt is tall.  The inference is that the person wearing the shirt is tall
a person in a shirt is wearing a shirt. Premise is entailment to say a person in a shirt because a person in a shirt is wearing a shirt. Premise is entail
somebody has a shirt on.  The inference engine is trained on a corpus of sentences. The corpus is a collection of sentences that are labeled as true or false. The inference engine is
she is looking something.  The inference is that woman is looking something because she is blind.  The inference is that woman is blind because she is looking something.  The inference is that woman is blind because she is looking something.  The inference
she is looking for something. Premise is woman is looking for something. It is entailment to say woman is looking for something because she is looking for something. Premise is woman is looking for something. It is entailment to say woman is looking for something
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the woman.  Now, if you say a woman is looking at a man, you are making a statement about the man. You are saying that the woman is looking at the
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the snowboarder.  Premise is a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered
they are jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background. Premise is entailment to say a person snowboarding in mid air because they are jumping in midair with
it is impossible to jump behind a football field.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a person jumping behind a football field. We can use the same inference
it is a fact. The inference is that the fisherman uses a cellphone to call his wife.  The inference is not that the fisherman uses a cellphone to call his wife because it is a fact. The inference is
it is entailment to say a fisherman is on a boat. Premise is entailment to say a fisherman is on a boat because it is entailment to say a fisherman is using a cellphone. Premise is entailment to say a
he is fishing.  The inference is that the fisherman is sleeping on his boat.  The inference is that the fisherman is sleeping on his boat.  The inference is that the fisherman is sleeping on his boat.
it is not a statement about the man himself.  Premise is a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun. It is neutral to say a
it is neutral.  Now, if we say that the man is a father, we are saying something about him. We are saying that he is a man.
it is not a group of children.  Premise is a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun. It is contradiction to say a man sitting on a couch with children because
it is a tractor. It is not neutral to say a tractor drives down the parade route because it is decorated as a float.  Premise is a tractor decorated as a float for a parade. It is neutral to say
it is a float. Premise is entailment to say a float is decorated for a parade because it is a tractor. Premise is entailment to say a tractor is decorated for a parade because it is a float.
it is not a tractor.  Premise is a tractor decorated as a float for a parade. It is contradiction to say a lawnmover is being repaired because it is not a tractor.  Premise is a
they are not men.  The inference is that aliens play hockey.  The inference is that aliens play hockey.  The inference is that aliens play hockey.  The inference is that aliens play hockey.  The inference is that aliens play hockey.
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about hockey.  Premise is men play hockey. It is neutral to say men play fair because it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about hockey. Premise is men play hockey
they are men. Premise is men play hockey. It is entailment to say men play hockey because they are men. Premise is men play hockey. It is entailment to say men play hockey because they are men. Premise is men play hockey. It is entail
it is a dog. It is neutral to say a dog is outside because it is outside. It is neutral to say a dog is outside because it is outside. It is neutral to say a dog is outside because it is outside. It
a dog cannot chase a frisbee.  Premise is a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball. It is contradiction to say a dog is chasing a frisbee because a dog cannot chase a
it is a dog. Premise is a dog is jumping because it is a dog. Premise is a dog is jumping because it is a dog. Premise is a dog is jumping because it is a dog. Premise is
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say the woman is riding a horse because she is riding a horse. Premise is entailment
she is riding it. It is also neutral to say the woman owns the cow because she is standing next to it. It is also neutral to say the woman
the woman is riding the horse.  The inference is that the woman is riding the horse.  The inference is that the woman is
he is not juggling flaming torches.  Premise is an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance. It is contradiction to say a man juggling flaming torches because he is not juggling flaming torches.  Premise
it is not a statement about the singer. The singer is not a man, he is an entertainer. The entertainer is not a man, he is an entertainer. The entertainer is not a man, he
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the audience.  The audience is a group of people who are watching a performance. The audience is a group of people who are watching a performance
she is kicking a guy in the face. Premise is a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces. It is entailment to say a girl is play fighting because she
he is not wearing boxing gloves.  The inference is that the girl is playing a game of kickball.  The inference is that the girl is playing a game of kickball.
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces. It is
he wore protective gear. Premise is entailment to say the man protected himself because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say the man protected himself because he is wearing protective gear. Premise is entailment to say the man
it is not a dog.  The inference is that the dog attacked the man because it was a dog.  The inference is that the dog attacked the man because it was a dog. Premise is a dog attacking a
he was a police officer. It is not neutral to say he was training a police dog because he was a dog trainer.  Premise is a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear. It is neutral to say he was training a
it is entailment to say a man is holding a stick. Premise is entailment to say a dog is being trained by a man because it is entailment to say a man is holding
he is holding a stick. The inference is that the man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders because he is holding a stick.  The inference
it is brown and black.  The inference is that the dog is being put down because it is brown and black.  The inference is that the dog is being put down because
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  The next sentence is a fact. The skier is going down the bunny hill. The inference is that the skier is going
of a mountain is a mountain.  Premise is a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop. It is entailment to say a skier going down a hill because of
the wave is moving up and down.  The inference is that the surfer is riding the wave.  The inference is that the surfer is riding the wave.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say someone who is visible is black. Premise is entailment to say someone who is visible is old because it is entailment to say
the string guitar is not a woodwind.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value of a sentence from the context of the sentence. The inference engine
he is black. The inference is that the man is playing the blues because he is old and black. The inference is not that he is playing the blues because he is old and black
it is a natural language inference. It is not a natural language inference to say a city employee inspects construction on a public road because it is a natural language inference.  The
he is not wearing orange.  The inference is that the man in black is climbing the stairs.  The inference is that the man in black is climbing the stairs.  The
they are working in an orange field. Premise is a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work. It is entailment to say a person is wearing orange because they are
he is wearing a brown shirt and blue shorts.  Premise is a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park. It is contradiction to say a man jogs through the
it is entailment to say a man walking in droney park. Premise is entailment to say a man walking in droney park because it is entailment to say a man walking in dr
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the park.  Premise is a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park.
he is wearing a fur coat.  The inference is that the bald man is the smiling man.  The inference
he is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.  The inference is that the man has an eyesight deficiency because
he wears glasses.  The inference is that the elderly man is nearsighted because he is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of
he is driving a truck.  Premise is a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle. It is contradiction to say a man is driving a truck blindfolded because he is driving a
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's state of mind.  The inference is that the man is tired and
he is sleeping in the rear of an automobile. Premise is entailment to say a man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile because he is sleeping in the rear of an automobile. Premise
it is a telescope. Premise is a baby looks into a device because it is a telescope is entailment to say a baby looks into a device because it is a telescope. Premise is a baby looks into a device
a smartphone is not a telescope.  The inference is that the baby is looking into a telescope.  The inference is that the baby is playing with a smartphone because a smartphone is not a telescope.  The
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a baby looks into what looks like a telescope pointed at the planet jupiter because it is a natural language inference. Premise is a baby looks into
a dog cannot watch tv. Premise is a little girl on a piece of playground equipment. It is contradiction to say a dog watches tv because a dog cannot watch tv. Premise is a little girl on a piece of playground equipment. It
it is entailment to say a kid is doing a thing outside. Premise is a little girl on a piece of playground equipment. It is entailment to say a kid is doing a thing outside because it is entailment
she is on a playground equipment. It is entailment to say a kid is doing a thing because she is a girl. It is entailment to say a kid is doing a thing because she is on a playground equipment. It
it is not a statement about the performers themselves.  Premise is a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man. It is neutral to say performers are waiting for a
they are standing by each other. Premise is a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man. It is entailment to say two people are on a stage because they are standing by each other. Premise
they are both lying on a couch.  The inference is that the woman is lying on the couch.  The inference is that the woman is lying on the couch.  The inference is that the woman
there is no mustache.  Premise is a man in a short mohawk and beard. It is contradiction to say there is a man with a ponytail and a mustache because there is no
the man has a beard and a short mohawk haircut. Premise is a man in a short mohawk and beard. It is entailment to say the man has a beard and
he is not inside. Premise is a man in a short mohawk and beard. It is entailment to say a man with a short mohawk and beard stands outside because he
they are whispering a secret. It is also neutral to say the little boy is whispering a secret to the girl because they are
the little boy is whispering a secret to her.  The inference is that the little boy is whispering a
the little boy is wearing a yellow shirt and the little girl is wearing a white shirt. Premise is entailment. Prem
she is posing next to a truck. Premise is entailment to say a woman is getting her picture taken near a truck because she is posing next to a truck. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the photographer. The photographer is a man. Therefore, the woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.
the woman is posing in the meadow next to the truck.  The inference is that the woman is posing in the meadow next to the truck.  The inference is that the
she is blond. Premise is entailment to say a woman working with her hands protected from harm because she is blond. Premise is entailment to say a woman working with her hands protected from harm because she is blond. Prem
it is not blond.  Premise is blond women working wearing gloves. It is contradiction to say a redhead working wearing gloves because it is not blond.  Premise is blond women working wearing gloves. It is contradiction to say a red
she is a woman. It is also neutral to say a woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries because she is working. It is also neutral to say a woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries because she is blond. It is also neutral to say
it is not.  The inference is that the woman is working with vegetation that is at different stages of maturity.  The inference is that
she is wearing a green shirt.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference that is not entailment. Premise is a woman in a green
she is working within the vegetation. It is also neutral to say she intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unrip
they are jumping in front of a house's flower garden.  The inference is that the girls are playing on a street.  The inference is that the girls are playing on a street.  The inference
they are girls. Premise is entailment to say three girls are jumping because they are jumping. Premise is entailment to say three girls are jumping because they are jumping. Premise is entailment to say three girls are
she is young, redheaded, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers. Prem
she is wearing a yellow shirt. Premise is entailment to say a girl jumps in her
he is wearing a blue shirt, black pants, and sneakers.  Premise is a young
it is a contradiction to say everyone is wearing red clothing.  The inference is that everyone is wearing green clothing.  The inference is that everyone is wearing green clothing.  The
there are several people in red. It is entailment to say there are several people in red because there are several people riding down the hill on rollerblades. It is entail
it is true for all people in the group. However, it is not true for all people in the group. It is true for some people in the group. It is true for some
they are not playing basketball outdoors.  The inference is that the basketball court is outdoors.  The inference is that the basketball court is outdoors.
they are waiting for the ball to go in.  The inference is that the basketball hoop is not there.
they are young men.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a natural language inference. Premise is four young men stare up at
she is wearing pink. But it is not neutral to say she is wearing pink because she is a ballerina. The second sentence is a conclusion. It is not neutral to say she is wearing pink because she is a
she is indoors. Premise is a ballerina indoors. Premise is a ballerina outdoors. Premise is a ballerina indoors. Premise is a ballerina outdoors. Premise is a baller
she is indoors. Premise is entailment to say the ballerina is indoors because she is striking a pose in the studio. Premise is entailment to say the ballerina is indoors because she is indoors striking
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the stage.  Now, let's say we want to say that the kids are siblings. We can say that the kids are siblings because they are siblings.
they are not big enough to break into a theater.  The inference is that the kids are not breaking into the theater because they are not big enough.  The inference is that the kids are not breaking into the theater because they
they are posing on a stage. Premise is four kids pose on a stage. It is entailment to say several children are posing on a stage because they are posing on a stage. Premise is four kids pose on a stage.
it is not in a lake.  The inference is that the puppy is sitting in the water.  The inference is that the puppy is sitting in the water.  The inference is that the puppy is
it is not a statement about the family. It is a statement about the lake.  The inference is that the family is diving into the lake because they are bathing suits.  The inference is
they are not in the water. It is entailment to say people are inside because they are not in the water. It is entailment to say people are inside because they are not outside. It is entailment to
he has a pole. Premise is a boy has a pole. It is entailment to say a boy has an object in his hands because he has a pole. Prem
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say the boy is older than age ten because it is a statement of fact.  Premise is a
the boy is holding a pole.  Premise is a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole. It is contradiction to say the
she climbs up a metal structure. Premise is a woman in white climbs up a metal structure. It is entailment to say a woman is being athletic because she climbs up a metal structure. Premise is a woman in white climbs
it is a woman. It is not neutral to say a woman in a wedding dress is climbing because she is climbing a wedding dress.  The inference is that the woman in white is climbing a wedding dress.
she is in white.  The inference is that she is awake because she is in white.  The inference is that she is awake because she is in white.  The inference is that she is awake because she is in white
it is impossible to stand with a bucket on your head.  The inference is that the person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand.  The inference is that
there is more than one person.  Premise is a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand. It is entailment to say there is more than one bucket because there
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the sponge.  Premise is a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand
she is oriental. Premise is entailment to say a woman is oriental because she is cleaning wood. Premise is entailment to say a woman is oriental because she is cleaning wood. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the wood.  Now, let's say we want to say that the oriental woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket
it is a woman.  Premise is an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket. It is contradiction to say a man is cleaning wood because it is a woman.  Premise is an oriental woman cleaning
the man with the blue shirt sits in front of another man. Premise is entailment to say a man sits in front of another man because the man with the blue shirt sits in front
he is sitting at the bach.  The inference is that the man is sitting at the bach because he is a man.  The inference is that the man is a man
he is looking at his friend. But it is not neutral to say a man is looking at his friend because he is looking at his friend. The first sentence is a statement of fact, the second
it is not a statement about the man sweeping his patio or the passerby entering the building.  Now let's
he is wearing dark blue clothing. Premise is entailment to say an older man is outdoors because he is sweeping the ground. Premise is entailment to
he is sweeping the ground.  The inference is that the person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag is the person who entered
he is on a skateboard. Premise is a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk. It is entailment to say the man is outdoors because he is on a skate
he is wearing knee pads. It is also neutral to say the man is wearing knee pads because he is wearing knee pads. It is also neutral to say the man is wearing knee pads because he is wearing
he is jumping from a ledge onto the sidewalk.  Premise is a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk. It is contradiction to say
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the location.  The inference is that the woman is sitting on the dock overlooking the ocean. The inference
she is sitting on a dock.  The inference is that she is swimming in her pool.  The inference is that she is swimming in her pool.  The inference is
she is sitting on the dock. Premise is a woman is sitting on a dock over a body of water. It is entailment to say a woman is sitting outside on the dock because
it is not a statement about the girl herself. The inference is that she is playing tennis with three other people.  The inference is that she is playing tennis with three other people
she is about to hit the ball.  Premise is a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket. It is contradiction to say the girl is swimming because she is
she is hitting a tennis ball.  Premise is a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket. It is entailment to say a girl is playing tennis
it is not clear whether they are actors or spectators.  The inference is that the people are actors because they are dressed in costumes. The inference is that
they are wearing costumes. Premise is six people are dressed up because they are wearing costumes because they are dressed up. Premise is six people are dressed up because they are
they are wearing stilts.  The inference is that the people are wearing stilts.  The inference is that the people are wearing stilts.  The inference is
it is not gender specific. However, it is gender specific to say a man runs while playing tennis.  The inference is that the person is a young male. The inference is not that the person is a young
she is not running.  The inference is that the young male is running while playing tennis against another person.  The inference is that the young male is running while playing tennis against another person.  The
they are playing tennis.  Premise is a young male is running while playing tennis against another person. It is entailment to say two people play tennis as one of them runs because they are playing
she browses eggs. Premise is entailment to say a woman browses eggs because she browses a market. Premise is entailment to say a woman browses a market because she browses eggs. Prem
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the market.  The same is true for natural language inference. Premise is a woman walks in a market. It is neutral to
the cart is empty.  The inference is that the woman with the cart of eggs is the same woman who knocked over the cart of eggs.  The inference is that the woman with
two people are talking to each other inside.  The inference is that the two women are talking to each other
they are standing at a fence.  Premise is two women, standing at a fence, are
they are talking to people they don't know.  The inference is that the two women
it is not a fetish video. It is neutral to say a lady cleans her feet for a fetish video because it is not a
she is cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there.  The inference
she is cleaning her feet. Premise is entailment to say a lady in the kitchen cleans her feet because she is cleaning her
he is in a military uniform.  Premise is a man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles. It is entailment to say
he is walking away from it.  The inference is that the man is walking away from the line of military vehicles.  The inference is that the man is walking away
she is in natural water. The inference is that she is outside.  The inference is that she is outside because she is in natural water.  The inference is that she is outside because she is in natural water.  The
she is a lit girl. Premise is a lit girl splashes around in natural water. It is entailment to say a girl splashes in water because she is a lit girl. Premise is a lit girl splashes
she is splashing around.  Premise is a lit girl splashes around in natural water. It is contradiction to say the girl is sitting inside because she is splashing around. Conclusion is a lit girl splashes around in natural
they are on opposing teams. Premise is two men playing soccer in a field. It is entailment to say two men playing soccer because they are on opposing teams. Premise is two men playing soccer in a field. It
it is not a statement about the teams. It is neutral to say two teams are playing soccer because it is not a statement about the teams. It is neutral to say two teams are playing soccer because
he is a man and crochets. Premise is a man is a man and a woman is a woman. Premise is a man is a man and a woman is a woman. Premise is a man is a
it is true. It is false to say two dogs chase a bunny because it is false. It is true to say two dogs chase a bunny because it is true. It is false to say two dogs chase
they are dogs. Premise is a dog and a brown dog are running over grassy hills. It is entailment to say two dogs run because they are dogs. Premise is a dog and a brown dog
it is a cat and it is a cat. It is also contradiction to say one cat sleeps because it is a cat and it is not a cat.  The inference is that the cat is sleeping because it is
there are dogs running next to each other on a grassy hill. Premise is there are animals outside because there are dogs running next to each other on a grassy hill. Premise is there are animals outside because
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the squirrel.  The dogs are chasing the squirrel is a statement about the squirrel. The dogs are chasing each other is a statement about the
they are running on grassy hill.  Premise is two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill. It is contradiction to say the dogs are eating their food indoors because they are
it is not clear whether they are playing a drum or not. It is also neutral to say people are standing around a drum because it is not clear whether they are standing around a drum or not.  Now, let's say
it is not a party.  The inference is that the drum is in a museum.  The inference is that the drum is not in a museum because it is not a party.  The inference is that the
it is a drum.  Premise is young people are standing around a drum at a party. It is entailment to say a drum has people standing around it because it is a drum.  Premise
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall. It is contradiction to say a man jumps out of a plane because he is afraid of heights.  The inference is that the person with dark hair in a white shirt is the person who
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall. It is neutral to say a person is relaxing on his day off because he is sitting in a chair in water with a'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall.
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall. It is entailment to say a person sits in a chair in water because it is entailment to say a person is sitting in a chair in water.  Premise is a person
it is a contradiction to say a woman wears a shirt on a bike.  Premise is a white man in a red shirt riding a bike. It is contradiction to say a woman wears a shirt on a
he is white. Premise is entailment to say a guy wears a shirt on a bike because he is riding a bike. Premise is entailment to say a guy wears a shirt on a bike because he
it is not a statement about the man's race. It is a statement about the color of his shirt.  Now, suppose we have a sentence that says "The man in the red shirt rides a bike
there are several people sitting around a table. Premise is entailment to say there are several people sitting around a table because there are several people sitting around a table. Premise is
it is not a statement about the people sitting around the table. It is a statement about the people sitting around the table and the card game they are about
there is no table.  The inference is that there is a group of people behind the table hiding underneath it.  The inference is that there
it is a girl posing with her trophy.  The inference is that the boy poses with his trophy.  The inference is that the boy poses with his trophy.  The inference is that the boy poses with his
she poses with a trophy. Premise is entailment to say a girl poses with a trophy because she is at the park. Premise is entailment to say a girl poses with a trophy because she is at the park
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the trophy.  Premise is a young girl poses with a trophy in the park. It is neutral to say a girl poses with her spelling
there are shirts. It is entailment to say there are shirts because there are men. It is entailment to say there are shirts because there are men on the beach. It is entailment to say there are
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the beach. It is a statement about the weather. It is a statement about the beach weather. It is a statement about the weather on the beach.
men are shirtless on the beach.  The inference is that men are riding bicycles because they are shirtless on the beach.  The inference is that men are riding bicycles because they are shirtless on the beach.
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the family.  The inference is that the family is near a farmer's market because they are at a farmer's market.  The inference is that the family is near a farmer
people are at a farmer's market.  The inference is that people are at a grocery store.  The inference is that people are at a farmer's market.  The inference is that people are at a grocery store.
people are at the farmers market. It is entailment to say a crowd is at the farmers market because people are at the farmers market. It is entailment to say a crowd is at the farmers market because people are at the farmers market
it is a contradiction to say four people are at a bar.  Premise is four people enjoying an art exhibit. It is contradiction to say four people are at a bar because it is a contradiction to say four people are at a bar.
they are enjoying it. Premise is four people enjoying an art exhibit. It is entailment to say fours people are looking at art because they are enjoying it. Premise is four people enjoying an art exhibit. It is entailment
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the painting.  The inference is that the people are trying to buy a painting. The inference is not that the painting is trying to buy them.
she is a woman.  Premise is man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon. It is contradiction to say a woman cuts celery because she is a woman.  Premise is man
it is entailment to say a man has black shirt and sunglasses.  Premise is man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon. It is entailment to say a man makes something
it is not a statement about the man with black shirt and sunglasses.  The inference is that the man with black shirt and sunglasses makes balloon animals.  The inference is that the man with black shirt and sunglasses makes
he has a red&white shirt.  The inference is not that the man has water bottles on the truck because he has a red&white shirt. The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the truck.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  The man has water
the cat is not a man.  The inference is that the man has water bottles on the truck.  The inference is that the man has water bottles on the truck.  The
boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.  Premise is a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear. It
he is playing doctor. Premise is entailment to say boy pretending to be a doctor because he is playing doctor. Premise is entailment to say boy pretending to be a doctor because he
it is not a statement about the boy. It is neutral to say boy playing doctor on a friend with his toys because it is not a statement about the boy. It is neutral to
they are moving down the river. It is entailment to say they are moving down the river because they are in a boat. It is entailment to say they are in a boat because they are moving down the river.
it is moving.  The inference is that the boat is moving.  The inference is that the boat is moving. Premise is the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river. It is contradiction to say the boat has
it is not a team. The team is wild because it is moving down the river. The team is moving down the river because it is a team. The team is moving down the river because it is a swift team. The team is
they are holding hands.  Premise is a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain. It is
they are holding each other.  Premise is entailment to say two people are in front of a fountain because they are holding each other.
they are holding each other. It is also neutral to say a young man is very much in love with a young woman because he is holding her.
it is not a statement about the people singing carols. It is a statement about the people who are singing carols.
the crowd is wearing santa claus hats.  The inference is that the crowd is celebrating
it is a contradiction to say a crowd of people is celebrating christmas.  The inference is that the crowd is celebrating
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The statement "The bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical
they are not riding their bike through the grocery store.  The inference is that the person is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location.  The inference is that the
he is attempting a trick on a wire. Premise is a person is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location. It is entailment to say a person on
the man is looking at his phone.  The inference is that the man is standing by the river because the lady is reading.  The inference is that the man is
it is not a statement about them. It is a statement about the chair. The chair is neutral. The chair is not a man or a woman. The chair is neutral. The chair is
the man is looking at his phone.  The inference is that the lady is reading because the man is looking at his phone.  The inference is that the lady is reading because the man
it is not specific to any one building.  The next step is to infer the building. We can use the context to infer the building.  The building is a building with a bench.
they are not sitting on benches.  The inference is that people are sitting on benches in front of buildings.  The inference is that people are sitting on benches in front of buildings.
some people are sitting on a bench inside. It is entailment to say some people are sitting on a bench inside because some people are sitting on a bench outside. It is entailment to say some people are sitting
it is not specific to any bar. It is specific to the bar they are in.  The bar they are in is called a bar. It is a specific place. It is a specific place that has a name.
they sit on stools. Premise is people sit on stools because they are people. It is entailment to say people are people because they sit on stools. Premise is people sit on stools because they are people. It is entail
they are sitting on stools.  The inference is that people are sitting on stools because they are looking at a movie screen.  The inference is that people are sitting on stools because they are looking at a movie screen.
she is wearing jeans.  Premise is a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying
it is not a statement about her gender.  Premise is a young woman wearing jeans, a white t
it is entailment to say young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat. Premise is entail
the building overlooks the city.  The inference is that people sitting on the floor are sitting on the floor because they are sitting on the floor.  The inference is that people sitting on
it is entailment to say people sitting at a table because it is entailment to say people sitting at a table because it is entailment to say people sitting at a table because it is entail
it is not a statement about the people sitting at the table. It is a statement about the building.  Now, let's say we want to say that the people sitting
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the lady watching him. The inference is that the boy is putting on his sunglasses because the lady is watching
he is putting on some sunglasses.  Premise is a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him. It is
a boy is putting them up to a window.  The inference is that the boy is putting on the sunglasses.  The inference is that the boy is putting on the
they are at the office.  Premise is men in an office with computers and a projector screen. It is contradiction to say the men are at the gym because they are at the office.  Premise is men
there are men in the room.  Premise is men in an office with computers and a projector screen. It is entailment to say there are computers and a projector screen in the room because there
they are wearing suits. The inference is that they are preparing for a presentation because they are men.  The inference is that they are preparing for a presentation because they are men.  The inference is that they are
they are bouncing on a trampoline outdoors.  Premise is two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline. It is entailment to say children play on tramp
they are bouncing on trampolines.  Premise is two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline. It is entailment to say two kids are exercising on
they are kids.  The inference engine is trained on the data. It learns that kids are kids and trampoline is a trampoline. It learns that kids are kids and tr
they are male soccer players. Premise is entailment to say two soccer players go after the ball because they are on opposing teams. Premise is entailment to say two soccer players go after the
they are not male.  Premise is two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball. It is contradiction to say two women compete in a tennis match because they are not
they are both male. It is not neutral to say two male soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty because they are both soccer players.  The same thing
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the man is sweeping steps with a broom. Premise is a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom. It is a fact that the man
he is wearing black clothing. Premise is entailment to say the man is sweeping the steps because he is wearing black clothing because he is sweeping the steps. Premise is entailment to say the man is sweeping the
he is sweeping steps with a broom. Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is true.
they are looking for watermelons. It is also neutral to say people are shopping for watermelons because they are looking for watermelons.  The first sentence is a statement of fact. The second sentence is a statement
they are hungry.  The inference is that people are hungry because they are browsing for produce.  The inference is that people are browsing for produce because they are hungry.  The inference is that people are hungry because they are browsing for
they are thirsty.  The inference engine is able to infer that people are showering because they are thirsty.  The inference engine is able to infer that people are showering because they are thirsty.  The inference engine is able to
it is not a statement about the boy's character.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Premise:
he plays basketball. Premise is entailment to say a young male is wearing clothes because he plays basketball. Premise is entailment to say a young male is wearing clothes because he
he is wearing a shirt with an american flag.  Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop. It is contradiction
the soldier helps her. The inference is that the soldier helps the girl. Premise is a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands
she is not alone.  The inference is that the girl is not alone because the soldier is helping her.  The inference is that the girl is not alone because
she is crying. The soldier helps her because he is a good person. The soldier helps her because he is a soldier. The soldier helps her because he is a good
it is not possible to take a break without a break.  Premise is taking a break to watch some tv. It is contradiction to say taking a neverending break because it is not possible to take a break without a break.
it is not implying that the break is long. But it is also neutral to say taking a short break because it is not implying that the break is short. So we can say that the break is long or short.  Now we can say that
it is a natural language inference. Premise is taking a break to watch some tv. It is entailment to say taking a break because it is a natural language inference. Premise is taking a break to watch some tv. It is entailment to
it is a dog. Premise is a dog goes to the vet because it is a dog. Premise is a dog goes to the vet because it is a dog. Premise is a
it is neutral to say a dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day.  Now, let's say we have a dog named Brown
it is a dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog plays in the park because it is brown. Premise is entailment to say a dog plays in the park because it
he is wearing a dark shirt and carrying a blue bag. Premise is entailment to say a boy is carrying something on his shoulder because he is wearing a dark shirt
he is carrying a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail.  The inference engine is able to infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is able to infer the
it is not necessary to specify the color of his shirt or the color of his pail.  The inference is that the boy is walking to the beach because he is carrying
he is wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt. It is entailment to say a man is speaking to a crowd because he is wearing a long
he is speaking into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt.  The inference is that the man with a white
he is wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt.  The inference is that the man is giving a toast at a wedding because he is
it is contradictory to say a man is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.  The inference is that the man in the gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a
it is a man in a gray coat. Premise is a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest. It is entailment to say a guy
the man in the gray coat is a young man wearing a gray winter jacket. Premise is entailment to say a man wearing a gray winter jacket walks
he is not in a room.  Premise is a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine. It is contradiction
it is not a statement about the man in the jacket. The inference is that the man in the jacket is a lumberjack.  The inference is not a statement about the man in
he wears a jacket and black boots. Premise is entailment to say a man walks outdoors because he walks on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine. Premise is
he is a man.  The inference is that the lady is promoting something to the other two girls.  The inference is that the lady is promoting something to the other two girls.  The inference
it is not gender specific. However, if you say a woman is selling jewelry to two girls, it is gender specific.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is gender specific. It is a
she is a woman. It is entailment to say a woman is engaging some girls because she is promoting something to them. It is entailment to say a woman is engaging some girls because she is promoting something to them.
it is not a raft.  The inference is that kids are playing with a jet-ski.  The inference is that kids are playing with a jet-ski.  The inference is that kids are playing
it is not specific to any kids. But it is specific to the kids wrestling on the raft.  The inference is that the kids wrestling on the raft are the kids playing with the raft.  The inference
it is entailment to say some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft.  Premise is some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft. It is entailment to say some kids playing with a raft because it is
there are no boys standing together.  The inference is that there are girls standing together.  The inference is that there are girls standing together.  The inference is that there are girls standing together.  The inference is
there are many girls standing together. Premise is a group of asian girls are standing together. It is entailment to say there are many girls standing together because there are many girls standing together. Premise is a group of
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the girls standing outside.  Premise is a group of asian girls are standing together. It is neutral to say the girls are standing outside because it is not
it is not a statement about the boy's state of mind.  Now, let's say we want to say that the boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down
it is fun.  The inference is that the boy is having fun because he is riding the sled.  The inference is that the boy is having fun because he is riding the sled.
it is not possible. But it is possible to say two girls kiss because it is possible to say two girls kiss.  The inference is that the man with brown hair is the man with black shirt and brown hair
it is not a fact. It is a statement.  Now we can say that the statement is true if the man is black and the girls are white.  Now we can say that the statement
they are kissing each other. Premise is two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks. It is entailment to say two girls kiss a man because they are kissing each
she is smiling. Premise is a woman wearing an elaborate array of
he is looking off to his left.  Premise is a woman
it is not a statement about the woman's personality. It is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man working at target.  Premise is a man is riding up an escalator that is
he is inside a building. Premise is entailment to say the man is inside a building because he is inside a building. Premise is entailment to say the man is inside a building because he is
he is riding up the escalator.  The inference is that the man is riding up the escalator.  The inference is that the man is riding up the escalator.
I am squatting on a dock. Premise is I am near a lake because I am squatting on a dock. It is entailment to say I am near a lake because I am squatting on a dock
I am squatting on a dock looking into a lake.  Premise is I am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake. It is contradiction to say I am white water rafting because I am
it is not a statement about me. It is a statement about the lake. The lake is neutral. The lake is not me. The lake is not my family. The lake is not my dock. The
she is looking at the water. Premise is entailment to say a man watches the water because he is looking at the woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman watches the water because she is looking at the man.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the lake.  The inference is that the woman is watching her child swim.  The inference is that the woman is watching her child
he is looking at a woman drinking beer. It is not neutral to say a man drinks beer because he is looking at a woman drinking beer.  The first sentence is a statement of fact. The second sentence is a statement of opinion.
it is entailment to say the microscope is being used. Premise is lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab. It is entailment to say the lab tech is using the microscope because it is entailment to say
the lab tech is looking through a microscope.  The lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers because the lab tech is looking through a microscope.  The lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers because the lab
it is not a statement about the cell sample. It is a statement about the lab tech.  The lab tech is looking at a cell sample.  The lab tech is looking at a cell sample.
it is not a statement about the choir members. It is a statement about the event.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the choir is singing because it is a large choir. We can do this by using the following inference
it is not a choir.  The inference is that the choir is singing because it is a choir.  The inference is that the choir is singing because it is a choir.  The inference is that the choir is singing because
they are singing at an event. Premise is coed choir singing at an event. It is entailment to say a choir is singing because they are singing at an event. Premise is coed choir singing at an event. It is entail
the audience is there.  Premise is a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a
the man in the red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering.  The inference is that
it is not known whether the celebrity is a man or a woman. The inference is that the man in the red shirt is a man because the
children are receiving places. Premise is children are receiving places because they are receiving awards. Premise is children are receiving awards because they are receiving places. Premise is children are receiving awards because they are receiving places. Premise is children are
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the ceremony.  The inference is that the children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts.  The inference is that the children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts.
they are receiving awards.  The inference is that children are receiving awards.  The inference is that children are receiving awards.  The inference is that children are receiving awards.  The inference is that
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman carries her baby because she is crossing the street. Premise is entailment to say a woman crosses the street carrying her baby because she is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the baby. The inference is that the woman is carrying her baby boy.  Now, let's say that the inference is wrong.
a woman cannot carry a large sandwich.  The inference is that the woman is carrying a baby.  The inference is that the woman is carrying a baby. Premise is a woman crosses the street
he is sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside.  Premise is a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him. It is entailment
it is entailment to say a man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall because it is entailment to say a man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall because it is
he is not sitting on a motorcycle.  The inference is that the man is sitting on a motorcycle.  The inference is based on the premise that the man is sitting on a motorcycle.
the man is arguing with a woman.  The inference is that the man wearing blue jeans and a peach
it is not clear whether the man is arguing with the woman or vice versa.  The inference is that
she is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Find the nearest building in
she is wearing a red top. The inference is that she loves to run because she is wearing a red top.  The inference is based on the premise that the young girl
she is wearing a red top. Premise is a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background. It is entailment to
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. Premise is a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike. It is neutral to say it is the child's first time hiking
they are both going for a hike. Premise is a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike. Premise is entailment to say two people are going for a hike because they are both
it is not a person. It is also neutral to say the person has a flat tire because it is not a bike. It is also neutral to say the person has a flat tire because it is not a person walking a bike
the person is walking. The inference is that the person is walking.  The inference is that the person is walking because the person is walking.  The inference is that the person is walking because the person is walking.
it is entailment to say a person is walking a bicycle. Premise is a person is walking a bicycle down a city street. It is entailment to say a person is walking because it is entailment to say a person is
a man sleeps next to a dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog has a man sleeping next to it because a man sleeps next to a dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog has a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the dog. The inference is that the man is sleeping next to his daughters dog because he is sleeping next to a dog.  Premise is a
he is sleeping next to a dog.  Premise is a young man sleeping next to a dog. It is contradiction to say a boy is playing frisbee out in the grass because he is sleeping next
they are watching the soap box derby.  The inference is that the crowd is watching the soap box derby because they are watching the horse race.
they are watching the soap box car drive by them.  Premise is a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with
they are gathered on either side of the soap box derby. Premise is entailment to say the people are gathered on either side of the soap box derby because they
he is posing behind the netting. Premise is a boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the boy's relationship with his siblings.  Premise is a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other
she is not a boy.  Premise is a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play. It is contradiction to say a girl
they are not the same person.  Premise is a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair. It is contradiction to say two
it is neutral. It is neutral to say a girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet because it is neutral. It is neutral to say
it is not a statement about the redhead. It is a statement about the bracelet.  Premise is a young woman with red-hair is adjusting
it is a group of people celebrating their asian culture.  Now, let's say that the chinese restaurant is owned by a chinese person. Then it is not neutral to
they are hungry.  The inference is that the group of people are angry because they are hungry.  The inference is that the group of people are angry because they are hungry.  The
they are asian.  Premise is a group of people celebrate their asian culture. It is entailment to say a group of people celebrate because they are asian.  Premise is a group of people celebrate
he is not wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket.  The inference is that the man in the yellow motorcycle jacket is the man in the hospital.  The inference is that the
he wears a yellow jacket. Premise is entailment to say a man wears a yellow jacket because he rides a motorcycle. Premise is entailment to say a man rides a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the motorcycle.  Now let's say we want to say that the man is wearing a yellow
they are dogs. Premise is two dogs play with a red ball. It is entailment to say two dogs play with a red ball because they are playing together. Premise is two dogs play with a red ball. It
cats don't play with red balls.  The inference is that the cats are playing with a red ball.  The inference is that the cats are playing with a red ball.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the ball. The ball is red. The ball is not a dog. The ball is not a ball. The ball is a ball. The ball is red.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the boat.  Now, if you say "the man in the navy stands on the boat"
it is not a statement about the man in the uniform. It is a statement about the boat.  Now, if you say "the guy in the uniform is sailing through the water
he is standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.  The inference is that the uniform guy is on the side of the boat moving through the water.  The inference is that
it is green. Premise is a man standing on a green boat. It is contradiction to say the boat is red and white because it is green. Premise is a man standing on a green boat. It is contradiction to say the boat
he is standing on a boat. It is not neutral to say he is going sailing because he is standing on a green boat.  The inference is that he is going sailing because he is standing on a green boat.  The inference is that
he is standing on a green boat. It is not neutral to say he is standing on a green boat because he is standing on a green boat.  Premise is a man standing on a green boat. It is neutral to say he is outside because
they are not watching the tv.  The inference is that artists are watching the tv because they are not watching the tv.  The inference is that artists are watching the tv because they are not watching the tv.  The inference
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say people put up new art because they are excited about it. It is also neutral to say people put up new art because they are excited about it because they are excited about it. It is
they are artists.  The inference is that the exhibit is new because artists install it.  The inference is that artists install it because they are artists.  The inference is that artists install it because
she is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her. Premise is entailment to say a dancer performs because she is leaping through the air with her
it is a contradiction to say a ribbon dancer jumps.  Premise is a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her. It is
she is a ribbon dancer. Premise is a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her. It is entailment to say
she is injured.  Premise is the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition. It is contradiction to say the gymnast cannot finish her exercise because she is injured. Conclusion is the rhyth
she completes her floor exercise.  Premise is the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition. It is entailment to say the gymnast completes her exercise because she completes her floor exercise.
it is not a statement about the gymnast. It is a statement about the gymnast's exercise.  Premise is the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition. It is neutral to
it doesn't say anything about the color of the bicycles. But it is not neutral to say two people are riding blue bicycles next to a building because it says something about the color of the bicycles.  So
it is entailment to say two people are riding bikes. It is entailment to say two people are riding bikes near a building because it is entailment to say two people are riding bikes. It is entailment to
a woman cannot ride a unicycle.  Premise is two people are riding bicycles next to a building. It is contradiction to say a woman is riding a unicycle past a building because a woman cannot ride
it is not a statement about the soccer team. The soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to win the soccer game because it is a statement about
they are getting last minute instruction from their coach.  The inference is that the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach.  The inference is that the female basketball team ignored their coach because
they are listening to their coach. Premise is entailment to say a female soccer team is listening to their coach because they are listening to their coach. Premise is entailment to say a female
bright hats are not worn by people.  The inference is that the person is wearing a dark hat.  The
it is contradictory to say a person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one
they are walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime. Premise is a person of indeterminate sex
it is implied that the man is reaching for something.  The problem is that the inference is not always correct. Consider the following sentences:
he is a man.  The inference is that the man is brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.  The inference is that the man
it is not clear whether the man is reaching for the cellphone or the woman.  The inference is that the man is reaching for
they are about to perform animal balloons. It is entailment to say people perform animal balloons because they are about to make balloons. It is entailment to say people make balloons because they are about to perform animal balloons. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the balloons.  The inference is that people perform for kids because balloons are kids toys.  The inference is that people perform for kids because balloons are kids toys.
dog is not a pond.  The inference is that dog looks at the pond because it is a dog.  The inference is that dog looks at the pond because it is an animal.  The inference is that dog looks at
they are in black dresses.  The inference is that the girls are enjoying the town because they are in black dresses.  The inference is that the girls are enjoying the town because they are in black dresses.
they are wearing black dresses. Premise is entailment to say two girls enjoying a night on the town because they are wearing black dresses because they are girls. Premise is entailment to say two girls enjoying
it is not specific to any particular girls. It is specific to two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town.  Now let's say we have a picture of two girls in black dresses enjoying
it is entailment to say there are three girls and a baby. It is entailment to say there are four people outside because it is entailment to say there are three
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the baby toys. The inference is that the girls are playing with each other.  The inference is
he is wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes. It is not neutral to
they are driving a convertible sports car.  Premise is a boy
it is entailment to say a child in
it is not specific to any one child. The inference is that the boy is playing soccer with the other children.  The inference is that the boy is playing soccer with the other
he is wearing blue uniform. Premise is entailment to say a boy is playing in the grass because he is kicking a blue soccer ball. Premise is entailment to say a
it is not a soccer ball.  The inference is that the boy is playing soccer.  The inference is that the boy is playing soccer because it is a contradiction to
they are swimming. Premise is a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool. It is entailment to say two animals are swimming because they are swimming. Premise is a dog and a cat are swimming in a
they are swimming.  Premise is a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool. It is contradiction to say a dog and cat are drowning in the pool because they are swimming.
there is only one cat.  The inference engine is a computer program that can solve this problem. It is a computer program that can solve this problem. It is a computer program that can solve this problem. It is
they are wearing aprons and hairnets. It is not neutral to say two women are working because they are wearing aprons and hairnets while they are reaching into metal canisters.
they are wearing hairnets.  Premise is two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters. It is contradiction to say no
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the kitchen.  The same is true for natural language inference. Premise is two women wearing aprons
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about the yellow car.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not a statement about the yellow car. It is a statement about the
she is standing alone in front of a yellow car.  The inference is that the woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine.  The inference is that the woman is dining at a restaurant drinking
she is standing alone in front of a car. It is entailment to say she is standing alone in front of a car because she is wearing a dark shirt. It is entailment to say she is wearing a dark shirt because
it is not a statement about the individuals.  Now, let's say we want to say that the group of people are swimming in the water because they are women. We can do this
they are in the water.  The inference is that the group of people are naked because they are in the water.  The inference is that the group of people are naked because they are in the
they are in the water with clothes on.  Premise is a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on. It is entailment to say they are people
the young woman is painting ceramics. It is entailment to say the young woman is painting
the young woman is painting the older man's face.  The inference is that the young woman
it is not a statement about the project itself. It is neutral to say
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the two people walking in the sand are on a date because they are walking in the sand.  The
it is entailment to say there are two people walking in the sand. Premise is there are two people walking in the sand. Premise is there are two people walking across the beach. Premise is there are two people walking
there are two people walking in the sand.  The inference is that there are two people walking in the sand.  The inference is that there are two people walking in the sand.  The inference is
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog is being groomed on the table because it is a tan dog. It is also neutral to say the dog is being groomed
the dog is black and white.  The inference is that the boy is walking the dog in the park.  The inference is that the boy is walking the dog in the park.
it is not necessary to say that she is shaving the dog's hair. The dog is black and white. The woman is holding clippers. The woman is shaving the dog's hair.
it is neutral to say dog running down the street. It is not neutral to say dog running down the street because it is not neutral to say dog running down the street.  The inference is that the dog is running down the street because
he is not watching television. It is also contradiction to say man watching television because he is not watching television. It is also contradiction to say man watching television because he is watching television. It is also contradiction to say man watching television because he is watching television
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the group.  The inference is that the track runners are all black because they are bracing to take off.  The
it is not a statement about the runners. It is a statement about the race.  Now, let's say the track runners are competing to win the race. It is a statement about the
they are not sitting on an airplane.  The inference engine is able to infer that the track runners are bracing to take off because they are sitting on an airplane.  The inference engine is
they are tired. The billboard is a neutral object. The billboard is not a person. The billboard is not a person. The billboard is not a person. The billboard is not a person. The
they are sitting on the side of a billboard.  The inference is not that the billboard is strange. The inference is that the two guys are sitting on the side of a billboard.  The inference
she is floating in water.  Premise is a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water. It is entailment to say the woman is relaxing in water because she is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the innertube.  The inference is that the woman is in the ocean because she is in the innertube.
she is floating in an innertube in a large body of water.  Premise is a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water. It is contradiction to say the woman
it is running around the track.  The inference is that the dog is wearing a muzzle because it is running around the track.  The inference is that the dog is wearing a muzzle because it is running
it is wearing a muzzle. Premise is entailment to say the dog is running because it is wearing a muzzle. Premise is entailment to say the dog is running because it is wearing a muzzle. Premise is
it is running around the track. Premise is entailment to say the dog is racing other dogs because it is running around the track. Premise is entailment to say the dog is racing other dogs because it
it is not a statement about the man's identity. It is a statement about the man's relationship to his
they are not wearing glasses.  The inference is that the man is wearing glasses and the boy is not.  The
he is holding a boy who is wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing glasses and a
he learns how to ride it. Premise is entailment to say a child sits on the animal's back because he learns how to ride it. Premise is entailment to say a child sits on the animal's
he is holding the reins. But it is not neutral to say the ginger-haired kid holds the pony's reins because he is holding the reins. The second sentence is a natural language inference. It is a statement
the child is learning how to ride a horse.  Premise is a young boy learns how to ride a horse. It is contradiction to say the child and his pet play on the bed because the child is learning
they are red. It is also neutral to say the woman's building is small because it is small.  Now, let's say the man's shorts are red because he is wearing red shorts
the man is wearing shorts. Premise is entailment to say there are multiple people present because the man is wearing shorts. Premise is entailment to say there are multiple people present because the man
there are two people.  The inference is that there is only one person present.  The inference is that there is only one person present.  The inference is that there is only
he is wearing purple. Premise is entailment to say a runner want to head for the finish line because he is wearing purple because he is a runner. Premise is entailment to say a runner want to
he is wearing purple.  Premise is a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line. It is contradiction to say a runner give up before heading to the finish line because he is wearing purple.
he strives for it. Premise is a runner in a competition strive for the finish line because he wants to go to the finish line. Premise is a runner in a competition strive for the finish
the skater is not being photographed.  The inference is that the skater is being photographed because the skater is being photographed.  The inference is that the skater is being photographed because the sk
the shadowed cyclist jumps over the camera.  Premise is shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films. It is entailment to say a cyclist is being filmed because the shadowed
it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is neutral to say a cyclist is performing for a new sports show because it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is neutral to say a cyclist
they are paying attention. It is entailment to say a group of students are listening because they are paying attention because they are attentive. It is entailment to say a group of students are attentive because they are paying
they are interested in the subject matter. It is entailment to say some students are attending a class because they are interested in the professor. It is entailment to say some students are attending a class because they are
they are paying attention to a lecture.  The inference is that students are at the park because they are paying attention to a lecture.  The inference is that students are at the park because they are paying attention to
it is entailment to say a man is sitting.  Premise is a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall. It is entail
he is holding a stone and partially painting a wall. It is also neutral to say the man is a painter because he is partially painting a wall. It is also neutral to say the man is a sculpt
the woman is sitting. The inference is that the woman is holding a rock in front of a wall.  The inference is that the woman is holding a rock in front of
it is not a statement about the man's race. However, it is not neutral to say a tan
he is afraid of heights is not afraid of heights.  The inference is that the man jumping off the ledge is afraid of heights.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm.  Premise is a tan-skinned
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The cruisers are the wind, the ship is the sail, and the cruisers are the cruisers. The cruisers are the wind because they are the
it is a contradiction to say the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers.  Premise is the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers. It is
there are many boats out. It is entailment to say there are many boats out because there are many boats out. It is entailment to say there are many boats out because there are many boats out. It
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the scalping of tickets.  The inference is that the man is scalping tickets because he is
he is leaning.  The inference is that the man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt is leaning on the railing.  The inference is that the man in neon green seah
he is a football fan. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a football sweatshirt because he is a seahawks fan. Premise is entailment to say a man
he is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows on the pavement.  Premise is a man in a
he has a shadow. Premise is entailment to say a man stands by a wall because he has a shadow. Premise is
he is standing in front of it.  The inference is that the man is standing in front of the wall.  The inference
the man is standing against a building.  The inference is that the man is standing against a building.  The inference is that
the shadow is cast by the man standing outside.  The inference is that the man standing outside is the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the woman taking the photo.  Now, let
they are friends. It is also neutral to say the two men are friends because they are men. It is also neutral to say the two men are friends because they are roasting marshmallows in a fire pit. It is
the men are still roasting marshmallows.  The inference is that the fire pit is still burning because the men are still roasting marshmallows.  The inference is that the fire pit is still
they are roasting marshmallows. Premise is two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit. It is entailment to say two men standing next to each other because they are roasting marshm
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the chair.  Now, let's say we want to say that the old woman is wearing a blue hat. We can say that the
it is entailment to say a chair. Premise is entailment to say a human wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair. Premise is entailment to say a human wearing a ski
somebody is sitting.  The inference is that the old woman is sitting on the blue chair.  The inference is that the old woman is sitting on the blue chair.  The inference is that the old
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a'missing person' flier posted on it. It is neutral to say a man smokes a joint outside because he is leaning against a pillar. It is not neutral to say a man smokes a joint outside because he is leaning against a pillar with a missing person flier posted on it
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a'missing person' flier posted on it. It is entailment to say a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it because he is a smoker.  The problem is that the inference is not always correct. For example, if the man is smoking against a
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a'missing person' flier posted on it. It is contradiction to say two girls sit and play in a waiting room because they are not sitting and playing.  The inference is that the man smokes and leans against the pillar.  The inference is that the man smokes and
they are running towards the buildings. Premise is a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers. It is entailment to say the runners are running towards the large buildings because they are running
they are running towards two identical skyscrapers.  Premise is a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers. It is neutral to say the runners are competing in a marathon because they are
it is not a group of runners.  The inference engine is a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers. It is contradiction to say a group of mall walkers takes a
they are playing outside.  The inference is that kids playing outside is a contradiction to kids taking naps inside.  The inference is that kids playing outside is a contradiction to kids taking naps inside.  The inference is
it is neutral to say kids playing outside.  Now we can say kids playing outside is a natural language inference because it is a neutral statement.  Now we can say kids playing outside is a natural language inference because it is
they are children. Premise is children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk. It is entailment to say kids playing outside because they are children. Premise is children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk. It is entailment to
he is pushing a plow. Premise is boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow. It is entailment to say the boy is surrounded by snow because he is pushing a plow.
she is wearing pink jacket.  Premise is boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow. It is contradiction to say the girl pushes as hard as she can because she is wearing pink
he pushes as hard as he can. It is neutral to say the boy pushes as hard as he can because he pushes as hard as he can. It is neutral to say the boy pushes as hard as he
he is posing with his teammates in the background. Premise is a man posed with his teammates in the background because he is posing with his teammates in the
it is not possible to pose with both arms out at a competition.  Premise is a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out
it is not a statement about the person posing. It is a statement about the context of the pose.  The same is true for natural language inference. The statement
there are people cleaning.  Premise is group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning. It is entailment to say there are people working because there are people cleaning.  Premise is group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning.
they are cleaning the campus. It is not neutral to say some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at night because they are cleaning the campus because they are janitors.  The second
they are sweeping the floor.  The inference is that the group of people sweeping the floor are wind surfing over the dunes.  The inference is that the group of people sweeping the floor are wind surfing
it is not possible to have a poker game with six people.  The inference is that the man is approaching with his arm raised into the air.
it is not clear what is happening.  The inference is that the man is raising his arm to pray. The inference is correct because the man is praying.
he is going to kneel.  The inference is that the man who is going to kneel is going to kneel
they are standing. Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing. It is entailment to say men are in wetsuits because they are standing. Premise is various men in wetsuits and
they are wearing goggles and wetsuits. Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing. It is entailment to say men are wearing goggles and wetsuits because they are standing up. Premise is various
they are standing.  Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing. It is contradiction to say men are sleep because they are standing.  Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing.
he is sitting. Premise is a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face. It is entailment to say a man sitting because he is sitting. Premise is a man is
a man cannot play chess while wearing a green tutu.  Premise is a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face. It is contradiction
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bench.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is taking a nap on a blue
she is wearing shorts. Premise is entailment to say a girl in shorts is fishing in a pond because she is wearing shorts. Premise is entail
she is fishing.  Premise is a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond. It
it is not a statement about the girl herself. It is a statement about the girl's behavior.  Premise is a young girl wearing
he is pretending to run a grocery store.  Premise is a young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he
it is neutral to say a young boy is playing with a toy cash register.  Premise is a young boy plays with the contents of a
it is not a statement about the person's age.  Premise is a young man dressed in tribal attire. It is neutral to say a young man wears tribal clothes for a ceremony because it is not a statement about
he is a tribal. Premise is entailment to say a young man wears clothing because he is a young man. Premise is entailment to say a young man wears clothing because he is a young man. Premise is entailment to
it is not a natural language inference.  Premise is a young man dressed in tribal attire. It is contradiction to say a young man wears a tuxedo because it is not a natural language inference.  Prem
they are not standing behind the barrier tape.  The inference is that the man is walking down the street.  The inference is that the man is walking down the
it is neutral to say a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red
it is entailment to say a man walks down the street. Premise is a man walks down the street with other people around is entailment to say
they are colorful. It is also neutral to say the feathers are colorful because they are feathers. The inference is that the feathers are colorful because they are feathers
there is a crowd of people. Premise is a man because there is a crowd of people. Premise is a man because there is a man
the costume is native american.  The inference is that the costume is native american because the costume is asian.  The inference
it is not a statement about the man in the plaid shirt. It is a statement about the man looking through the telescope
he is looking through the telescope. Premise is entailment to say the older gentleman wearing a plaid shirt and blue pants looks
he is looking at the sun.  The inference is that the old man is looking at the sun.  The inference is that the
it is made of woven material. Premise is two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground. It is entailment to say the basket is woven because it
they are standing.  The inference is that the men are sitting because they are standing.  The inference is that the men are sitting because they are standing.  The inference is that the
they are standing on stairs together. The inference is that the men are brothers because they are standing on stairs together.  The inference is that the men are brothers because they are standing on stairs together.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the scene.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is
the woman is not posing on a ski board.  The inference is that the man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.  The inference is that
he is posing. Premise is a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background. Premise is entailment to say a man is posing because he is posing. Premise is entailment to say
he is standing inside a large green piece of equipment.  The inference is that he is making office calls because he is standing inside a large green piece of equipment.  The inference is that he is making
he is trying to get it working again. It is not neutral to say he is trying to get it working again because he is trying to get it working again because he is trying to get it working
he is not standing on a stage.  The inference is that the young man is standing on stage.  The inference is that the young man
it is not a statement about the man's race. However, if the premise is a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage
he is wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves. Premise is entailment to say a young black man is standing on stage because he is wearing a dark leather jacket and
he is wearing a helmet is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4
he is wearing boots, jeans and a blue shirt.  The inference is a natural language inference. Premise
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the man fell off the bull.
it is not a statement about the man in the blue shirt. It is a statement about the three people.  The inference is that the man in the blue shirt is talking to the two women. The
dog chases 2 cats. Premise is a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors. Premise is a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women
the man in a blue shirt touches his head. Premise is entailment to say three people talk because the man in a blue shirt touches his head. Premise is entailment to say three people talk because the
they are analyzing art together.  The inference is that the group of people are analyzing art together because they are staring at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.  The
they are staring at something.  Premise is a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building. It is entailment to say a group of
they are staring at a wall.  The inference is that the group of people are at a rave because they are staring at a wall.  The inference is that the group of
people walk by a train.  The inference is that people walk by a train.  The inference is that people walk by a train.  The inference is that people walk by a train.
people don't walk and bicycle down train stations.  The inference is that people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim.  The inference is that people walk and bicycle down an alley between
they are afraid of heights.  The inference is that people walk down the alley because they are afraid of heights.  The inference is that people jump off of cliffs because they are afraid of heights.
she is wearing a red shirt and swim trunks.  The inference is that the boy is playing at the beach because he is wearing a red shirt and swim trunks.  The inference
he is wearing a red shirt and swim trunks. Premise is entailment to say the boy is playing at the beach because he is wearing a red shirt and swim trunks. Premise
he is playing at the beach. It is also neutral to say the boy is having fun because he is playing at the beach with his friends.  The inference is that the boy is having fun because he
they are enjoying food. It is entailment to say people are enjoying food because they are eating at a crowded restaurant. It is entailment to say people are eating at a crowded restaurant because they are enjoying food. It is entailment
he is alone.  The inference is that the person is enjoying food at a crowded restaurant.  The inference is that the person is enjoying food at a crowded restaurant.  The
it is not specific to any particular restaurant.  The inference engine will take the sentence as a query and will return a list of restaurants that are celebrating their father's birthday.  The inference engine will
it is standing in the background while a man is walking off.  The inference is that the man is walking off because the horse is dead.  The inference is
it is a natural language inference.  The same is true for the sentence "The man is riding the horse." It is neutral
he is playing a musical instrument. Premise is entailment because it is a necessary truth.  Premise is entailment because it
he is balding and has glasses. Premise is a contradiction because it is a contradiction. Premise is a contradiction because it is a
he is balding. Premise is entailment to say the man has little hair because he is balding. Premise is entailment
he is staring at a display case.  Premise is a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes. It is contradiction to say
he is a little boy.  Now, let's say that the boy is hungry for cookies and cakes, but he has no money because he
he is looking at pastries. Premise is a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes. It is entailment to say a boy is looking at
he is standing at the top of a bowling lane.  The inference is that the kid is fast asleep because he is standing at the top of a bowling lane
he is standing at the top of the lane.  Premise is a silhouette stands at the
they are standing at the top of a bowling lane. Premise is entailment to say someone is in a bowling alley because they are standing at the top
they are cooking together. It is entailment to say they cook together because they are cooking a meal together. It is entailment to say they cook together because they are cooking a meal together. It is entailment to say they cook
it is not a statement about valentine's day. It is a statement about cooking dinner.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  "I'm cooking
they are eating chinese food.  The inference is that they are eating chinese food because they are cooking chinese food.  The inference is that they are cooking chinese food because they are
he is a man.  Premise is a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike. It is entailment to say a man does a jump trick on his bike because he is a
he jumps it.  Premise is a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike. It is contradiction to say a man crashes his bike because he jumps it.  Premise is a man jumping a dirt
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man jumps his bike because he is jumping his bike. Premise is entailment to say a man jumps his bike because he is jumping his bike. Premise
they are wearing black tops and glasses.  The inference is that the women are wearing black tops and
she is speaking into a microphone. The transcriber is a woman. The transcriber is wearing a black top and glasses. The transcriber is speaking
the second woman is writing beside her.  Premise is women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman
it is a human standing there waiting.  Now, we can say that the person in the ken-do outfit is waiting because it is a person in a ken-do outfit. But we can't say
there is a person standing there.  The inference is that there is a person standing there.  The inference is that there is a person standing there. Premise is a person in a ken-do outfit is
it is not a person. It is a person because it is a person. It is a person because it is a person. It is a person because it is a person. It is a person because it is a person
blonde woman is not sitting on a bench outside a cafe. Premise is a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe. Premise is a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the situation.  The next sentence is:  The woman is waiting for her friend.  This sentence is a statement about
brunette woman sitting outside a cafe is a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe. Premise is entailment to say brunette woman sitting outside a cafe because brunette woman sitting outside a
he is protecting his eyes from the sun. Premise is entailment to say the man is protecting his eyes from the sun because he is
he is wearing sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts. The man is not a hippie because he is not wearing a tie,
he is sitting.  The man is standing because he is sitting.  The man is sitting because he is standing.  The man is standing because
they are sitting in chairs.  Premise is children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background. It is contradiction to say children are running outside, competing in a race because they are
they are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.  Now, let's say we want to say that children are having fun at tommy's birthday party because they are sitting in
there is a music stand in the background. It is entailment to say there is a group of people sitting because there are chairs in the background. It is entailment to say there is a group of people
it is not black and white.  The inference is that bird is flying.  The inference is that bird is flying because it is black and white.  The inference is that bird is flying because it is black
it is a black and white bird.  Premise is a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying. It is entailment to say flying black and white bird because it is a black and white
it is a neutral statement. But if you say bird flying inside against the wall, it is a negative statement.  Now, let's say we have a bird flying inside against the wall. We can infer that
it is not a statement about the underwear. It is a statement about the man wearing the underwear.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:
they are looking at the soccer jersey.  The inference is that people are looking at the white underwear because they are looking at the red soccer jersey.  The inference
it is not a statement about the underwear. It is a statement about the man wearing the red jersey.  Now, let's say we have a statement that is not neutral
a man is talking to a man with drums.  Premise is a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums. It is
it is a group of men playing music.  The inference is that the man with drums is talking to the man with guitar.  The inference is that the man with drums
salsa is a music genre. The inference is that the man holding the guitar is talking to the man with the drums.  The inference is correct because the man holding the guitar is talking
a worker is working on a sidewalk outside of a clothing store.  The inference engine will take the premises and infer the conclusion. The inference engine will take the premises
he is working on a sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk because he is working on a sidewalk outside of a clothing store. Premise
he is working on a sidewalk outside of a clothing store.  The inference is that the worker is working on a sidewalk outside of a clothing store.  The inference is that the worker
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the corn.  The inference is that the man is selling corn because he is sitting on
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the wheelbarrow.  Now, let's say we want to infer that
it is entailment to say a man sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce because it is entailment to say a man sitting next to a
he is not a dog.  Premise is a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth. It is contradiction to say a man eating popcorn because he is not a dog.  Premise is a
it jumps. Premise is a dog jumps and catches a ball in its mouth. It is entailment to say a dog catches a ball because it jumps. Premise is a dog jumps and catches a ball in its
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The dog caught the ball". This sentence is a fact. It is a
it is not specific to any particular group. The inference is that they are eating dinner because they are older men.  The inference is that they are eating dinner because they are older men.  The inference is that
they are sitting at a cafe. Premise is older men sitting at a cafe looking out at the street. Premise is entailment to say older men sitting at a cafe because they are sitting at a cafe
shuffle is a game.  The inference is that older men are playing shuffleboard.  The inference is that older men are playing shuffleboard.  The inference is that older men are playing shuffleboard.
it is not a statement about the car. It is a statement about the gas station.  Premise is a gas station and a car on fire. It is neutral to say a car sets a gas station on fire because
they are connected by a gas station.  Premise is a gas station and a car on fire. It is entailment to say two items on fire because they are connected by a gas station. Premise is a gas station and a
it is not a gas station.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises
he is an artist. Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Prem
they are an artist.  Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. It is entailment to say someone is selling artwork because they are an artist.  Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. It is entail
they are selling their artwork.  The inference is that the artist is not begging for money because he is selling his artwork.  The inference is that the artist is not begging for money because he is selling his artwork.  The inference
it is a natural language inference. It is not a statement about the market. It is a statement about the stand. It is a statement about the stand because it is a natural language inference. It is not a statement about
vegetables are sold under a white tent.  Now, we can't infer that from the premises alone. We need to know what the premises entail. So, we need to know what the premises entail.
they are eating vegetables.  Now, we can say that people are eating vegetables because they are eating fast food.  Now, we can say that people are eating fast food because they are eating vegetables.  Now
they are children and adults. Premise is three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep. It is entailment to say the people are pretending to sleep because they are children and adults. Premise
it is not clear whether they are playing with their parents or pretending to sleep.  The children are playing a bedtime game with their parents.  The children are pretending to sleep.
they are pretending to sleep.  The inference is that the children and adults are pretending to sleep because they are sitting and watching tv.  The inference is that the children and adults are sitting
she is a girl. It is contradiction to say a girl is performing because she is a girl and she is performing. It is contradiction to say a girl is performing because she is a girl and she is performing and she is performing. It
they are gathered around a young man who is performing. Premise is a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing. It is entailment to say they are at a performance because they are gathered around a young man who is
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. The crowd is gathered around him because he is playing guitar. It is a statement of fact. He is playing guitar because he is a young man. It is
it is not a statement about gender. It is neutral to say a man and a woman are running because it is not a statement about gender. It is neutral to say a man and
they are running in the grass by a hill. It is entailment to say the people are running outside because they are running in the grass by a hill. It is entailment to say the people are running outside because they are
it is contradictory to say an old man walks by himself through the city.  The inference is that the old man walks by himself through the city.  The inference is that the old man walks by himself
she is laying on the ground.  The inference is that the woman is laying on the ground.  The inference is that the woman is standing.
she is laying on the ground. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment to entailment. Prem
she is laying on the ground.  The inference is that she is deciding whether or not to read a book because she is laying on the ground.
boy is sitting. Premise is entailment to say boy is sitting because older man is talking. Premise is entailment to say boy is sitting because older man is talking. Premise is entailment to say boy is sitting
he is speaking to a boy.  Premise is an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting. It is contradiction to say older man is sleeping because he is speaking to a boy.  Premise
it is not clear whether grandpa is the speaker or the listener.  The speaker is the one who is talking. The listener is the one who is listening.  The speaker is the one who is talking.
it is not a statement about the woman in shorts. It is a statement about the baby kangaroo.  The inference is that the woman in shorts is enjoying
they are women.  Premise is a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo. It is entailment to say two woman are pet
the elephant is not a kangaroo.  Premise is a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo. It
they are disgusted by the food.  The inference is that people enjoy food outside of a restaurant.  The inference is that people enjoy food outside of a restaurant.  The inference is that people enjoy food
they are hungry. It is entailment to say people eating stuff outdoors because they are hungry because they are eating outside. It is entailment to say people eating stuff outdoors because they are hungry because they are eating outside because they are hungry. It is
it is not specific to any particular restaurant. It is also neutral to say some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for father's day because it is not
he is holding up his hand.  Premise is a black
he is holding up his hand.  The inference is that
he is holding up his hand. It is also neutral to say the
she is a man.  The inference is that the man is taking a picture of a woman.  The inference is that the man is taking a picture of a woman.  The
they are posing for a picture.  The inference is a natural language inference. It is a natural language inference because it is a natural language inference.  The inference is a natural language inference because it is a natural language
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the picture.  Now let's say we want to say that the man is happy. We can say that the man is happy because he is smiling
it is contradictory to say an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.  The inference is that the extreme
it is entailment to say an extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky because it is entailment to say an extreme
they are dancing in the crowd.  The inference is that the man and woman are dancing together.  The inference is that the man and woman are dancing together.  The inference is that the man and woman are
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the crowd.  Premise is a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd. It is neutral to say a couple dances among other people because it
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the wedding reception.  Premise is a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd. It is neutral to say a couple dance together at
the shirt is on the ground. Premise is a man wearing an army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform
he is wearing an army shirt. However, it is not neutral to say the man is fat because he is wearing an army shirt and is on the ground in a
the shirt is navy blue. The inference is that the shirt is army because the shirt is army green.  The inference is that the shirt is army
the dog is on a red leash.  The inference is that the woman is walking her dog with a red leash
a woman in a green tank top is walking away.  Premise: A dog on a red leash walking away
it is a natural language inference. It is not a natural language inference to say a woman in a
he is wearing his helmet. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing his helmet because he is riding his bike. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing his helmet because he is
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's behavior.  Now, let's say that the man is wearing a helmet. This is a
he is wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the man is riding his bike.  The inference is that the man is wearing his helmet.  The inference is that the man is
it is entailment to say a man stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree.  Premise is a man with a pl
it is not possible to stand at the opening of a small bush.  The inference is that the man with the plaid shirt stands at the opening of a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the tree.  Now, let's say we want to say that the
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the orange is a banana because it is an orange.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the dog is a labrador retriever. We can
there's a dog and an orange on the floor.  Premise is an orange on the floor next to a dog. It is entailment to say there's a dog and an orange on the floor
the dog is a dog.  The inference is that the fruit next to the dog is an orange.  The inference is that the fruit next to the dog is an orange.  The inference is that
there is a man riding a bicycle. Premise is entailment to say there is a man riding a bicycle because there is a man riding a bicycle. Premise is entailment to say
he is not wearing a uniform.  The inference is that the man is wearing a pijama because he is not wearing a uniform.  The inference is that the man is
it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is a statement about the competition.  The inference is that the cyclist is in a competition because the premises are true. The inference is that the
he is a duffer.  The inference is that golfer is a duffer.  The inference is that golfer is a duffer because he shoots his ball out of a sand
the golfer is playing golf. Premise is a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap. It is entailment to say the game of golf being played because the golfer is playing golf. Premise
the golfer is not on the first tee.  The inference is that the golfer is on the second tee.  The inference is that the golfer is on the third tee.  The inference
she is wearing glasses. Premise is entailment to say a person is wearing glasses because she is young. Premise is entailment to say a person is young because she is wearing glasses. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the sky.  Premise is a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance. It is neutral to say a girl is looking
she is not sleeping on the ground.  Premise is a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance. It is contradiction to say a girl sleeping on the ground because she is not sleeping on the ground.
they are tired. It is entailment to say a group of climbers rests at the summit because they are tired. It is entailment to say a group of climbers rests at the summit because they are tired. It is entail
it is not a statement about the climbers. It is a statement about the summit.  Now, let's say we have a group of climbers who celebrate at the summit of everest. We can infer
he is not a mountain climber.  The inference is that the scuba diver is a mountain climber.  The inference is that the scuba diver is a mountain climber.  The inference is
he is wearing jeans. Premise is entailment to say a boy wearing jeans because he is standing on rocks in a river. Premise is entailment to say a boy standing on rocks in a river
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is a boy wearing jeans standing on rocks in a river throwing a stone.  Prem
he is wearing jeans.  The inference is that the boy is at the baseball game.  The inference is that the boy is at the baseball game because he is wearing jeans.
it is a man walking around in nature. Premise is entailment to say a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt because it is a man in dress pants and a blue dress
he's lost. It's not a man walking around in nature because he's lost because he's lost. It's a man walking around in nature because he's lost because
the beach is a place where women are not allowed.  The inference is that the man is a woman.  The inference is that the man is a woman.  The inference is
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says'real change'. It is entailment to say a woman on a street holding a newspaper that says'real change because she holds a newspaper that says'real change'. Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says'real change'. It is entailment to say a woman on a street holding a newspaper
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says'real change'. It is entailment to say a woman holding a newspaper that says'real change because she holds a newspaper that says'real change'.  Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says'real change'. It is entailment to say a woman holding a newspaper that says'real
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says'real change'. It is contradiction to say a woman with a newspaper that says'real change' on the ground next to her because she is holding a newspaper that says'real change'.  The inference is that the woman holding the newspaper that says'real change' is the same woman holding the newspaper
they are males.  Premise is four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table. It is entailment to say males are socializing
they are laughing together.  The inference is that the men are selling clothes in a sports store because they are laughing together.  The inference is that the men are selling clothes in
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the activity they are doing.  Premise is four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table. It
it is entailment to say a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock.  Premise
the person is holding a bare branch aloft.  Premise is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-
the person is holding a bare branch aloft. Premise is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side
he is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese. It is not neutral to say he is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese because he is chinese.
he is walking on the street.  Premise is a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese. It is contradiction to say
he is wearing a plaid shirt. Premise is a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese. It is entailment to say he is
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the environment.  Now let's say we want to infer that the people are walking
they are wearing jackets with hoods on them. Premise is two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them. Prem
it is winter time.  The inference is that it is winter time.  The inference is that it is summer time.  The inference is that
it is contradictory to say a boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater.  The inference is that
he talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Premise is
it is entailment to say a person in a yellow shirt. It is entailment to say a person in a yellow shirt because it is
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the color of the t-shirt and
everybody has a shirt.  Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through
it is not a statement about the person's height. It is a statement about the shirt.  Premise is a boy in a
he is wearing red ski pants, black jacket, and white helmet.  The inference is that the man is skiing down the mountain.  The
it is not necessary to specify the person. However, it is necessary to specify the person because it is necessary to specify the man.  The inference is that the man is
he is skiing down a mountain. Premise is entailment to say the man is skiing down a mountain because he is wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the vendor.  The inference is that the man is pushing the cartons of bread because he is selling loaves of bread
he is pushing many cartons of bread down the street. Premise is entailment to say a person has food outside because he is pushing many cartons of bread down the street. Premise is entailment to say
it is a man pushing the cartons of bread down the street.  Premise is a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street. It is contradiction to say a woman is baking bread
she is a young lady. Premise is entailment to say a young lady is ordering food because she is ordering from a red food truck. Premise is entailment to say a young lady is ordering from a red food
he is old. The inference is that the young woman is ordering from the red food truck.  The inference is that the young woman is ordering from the red food truck.  The inference is that the young
she is young. Premise is entailment to say a young lady is ordering from a food truck because she is ordering from a red food truck. Premise is entailment to say a young lady is ordering
a bucket of flowers is carried by a woman. Premise is a woman carrying a bucket of flowers. It is entailment to say a bucket of flowers is carried by a woman because a bucket of flowers is carried by a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the bucket of flowers.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night is a witch."
a dog cannot carry a basket of food.  The inference is that a woman cannot carry a basket of flowers because a dog cannot carry a basket of food.  The inference is that a woman cannot carry a basket of flowers because
the man is laying down inside the boat. The inference is that the man is in the boat.  The inference is that the man is in the boat because the man is laying down inside the boat.
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The man is sleeping because it is a fact.  The man is sleeping because it is a fact.  The man is sleeping because it is a
he is laying down inside the boat.  Premise is a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat. It is entailment to say the man is outside on a boat because
they performed a skit about camping. Premise is three kids performed a skit about camping. It is entailment to say three kids performed a camping skit because they performed a skit about camping. Premise is three
it is not gendered. The inference is that the boys performed a skit about camping.  The inference is that the boys performed a skit about camping because the boys performed a skit about camping.  The inference is
they are not kids.  The inference is that the kids are not adults.  The inference is that the kids are not adults because they are not kids.  The inference is that the kids are not adults because they are not kids
the child is sitting in a red playground swing. Premise is the child is sitting in a red playground swing. It is entailment to say the child is in a playground because the child is sitting in a red playground swing
it is neutral to say a father and child playing together. It is not neutral to say a father and child playing together in a red playground swing. It is neutral to say a father and child playing together in a red playground swing
the child is sitting in the swing.  The child is sitting in the swing because it is red.  The child is sitting in the swing because it is red.  The child is sitting in the swing
it is not clear whether they are planning to go to the building or not.  The inference is that they are planning to go to the building.  The inference is that they
they are standing in a street. It is not neutral to say a group of people are kicking each other because they are standing in a building.  The inference is that the building
there is a building in the background. Premise is a bunch of people are standing because there is a building in the background. Premise is a bunch of people are standing because there is
they were in an accident. Premise is an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van. It is entailment to say two cars were in an accident because they were in an accident. Premise is an
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the green sedan was smashed off.  Premise is an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van. It is neutral to say
they are not cars.  The inference is that the green sudan is a car and the gray van is not a car.  The inference is that the green sudan is a car and
they are women. It is not neutral to say women are visiting because they are visiting women.  The inference is that women are visiting because they are women.  The inference is that women are visiting because they are visiting women.
they are women.  Premise is women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting. It is entailment to say women are chatting in a restaurant because they are women.  Premise is women are sitting
they are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.  The inference is that women are knitting scarves for the homeless because they are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.  The inference is that women
it is not a gender specific.  The sentence is: "Premise is a funny person standing in front of a row of yellow chairs."  The inference is: Premise is a girl standing in front of a
somebody is standing. Premise is a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs. It is contradiction to say nobody is standing because somebody is standing. Premise is a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow
of a row of yellow chairs is a young girl. Premise is entailment to say a human standing because of a row of yellow chairs is a young girl. Premise is entailment to say a human standing because of a
it is not a statement about the men in particular. It is a statement about men in general.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  "Some men
they are cooking. Premise is two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him. It is entailment to say friends are preparing a
one is reading a book while the other is reading a book.  The inference is that the man who is making a funny face is reading a book.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the park.  The inference is that the man and woman are lying together in the
they are outside. It is entailment to say two people are lying together because they are lying together. It is entailment to say two people are lying together because they are lying together. It
it is not a park.  Premise is a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront. It is contradiction to
he is going home. It is neutral to say a man is taking things that he bought at the store home because he is going home. It is neutral to say a man is taking things that he bought at the
it is contradictory to say a man is pulling items on a cart.  Premise is a man pulling items on a cart. It is contradiction to say a man is pushing a baby carriage because it is contradictory to say a man is
it is entailment to say a man is pulling items on a cart. Premise is entailment to say a man is pulling items on a cart because it is entailment to say a man is pulling items on a cart.
they are playing in the snow. Premise is two girls are somewhere cold because they are playing in the snow. Premise is two girls are somewhere cold because they are playing in the snow. Premise is two girls are
they are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the girls have arms.  The inference is that the girls have arms because they are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the girls have
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the snowballs.  Now, if we want to say that the girls are throwing snowballs from fresh snow, we can say that the snow
the woman is not painting letters on a stand-up sign.  The inference is that the woman is writing on a napkin and
it is a sign. I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.
it is a neutral statement.  Now, let's say that the guy is painting letters onto a sign that
they are laughing.  The inference is that the man on the left is laughing because the
they are friends. Premise is true because it is entailment.  Premise is true because
they are laughing. But it is not neutral to say they are a couple because they are laughing. The
she is holding a phone. It is also neutral to say she is holding a camera because she is holding a phone.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says
she is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat.  Premise is a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it
she is holding a camera and pointing it towards the backseat.  The inference is that the girl is inside the vehicle because she is holding a camera and pointing it towards
he is wearing a red shirt and he is not wearing ear protection.  The inference is that the man is outside in the open firing a gun.  The
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the race.  The inference is that the man is signaling the start of a
he is wearing ear protection. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing ear protection because he is outside in the open wearing a light blue t-shirt.
the man is playing an acoustic guitar.  The inference is that the man is playing an acoustic guitar because the band sets up their instruments.  The inference is that the man is playing an acoustic guitar because the band sets
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact that the bearded man sings along.  The inference is that the bearded man sings along with the song. The inference is not that the bearded man sings
he has a beard. Premise is entailment to say a musician plays on his instrument because he is sitting down. Premise is entailment to say a musician plays on his instrument because he is playing an acoustic guitar.
the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something. Premise is the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something. It is entailment to say the guy kicked something because the man in the dark maroon shirt
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the man kicked his hat. The hypothesis is not a fact. The hypothesis is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is not a fact. The hypothesis is a hypothesis
the dog is not in the kitchen.  The inference is that the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something.  The inference is that the dog ate a spoon.  The inference is that the man
they are observing flooded streets with cars in the water.  The inference is that the person is outside because they are observing flooded streets with cars in the water.  The inference is that the person is outside because they are
it is raining.  The inference is that the person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage because it is raining.  The inference is that the person is standing outside
it is raining.  Premise is person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water. It is contradiction to say a person is standing in a grassy field in the sun because
it is not a statement about the young man. It is a statement about the bicycle.  Premise is the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding
he is trying to balance on the train tracks.  The inference is that the young man is flying a drone at the park.  The inference is that the young man is flying a drone at
he is trying to balance. Premise is the young man is trying to balance because he is trying to balance. Premise is the young man is trying to balance because he is trying to balance. Premise is
she is not wearing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a shirt and the woman is not.  The inference is that the man is wearing
it's summer. It is also neutral to say a man is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow because it's hot outside because it's summer.
he is wearing no shirt.  Premise is a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside. It is entailment to say
she is listening to her dad. But it is not neutral to say she is talking to her dad on her phone because she is listening to her dad.  Premise is a little girl listens to a cellphone. It is
she listens to a cellphone.  The inference is that the girl is very old because she listens to a cellphone.  The inference is that the girl is very old because she listens to a cellphone.  The inference is that the girl
she listens to a cellphone. Premise is a little girl listens to a cellphone. It is entailment to say there is a cellphone because she listens to a cellphone. Premise is a little girl listens to a cellphone. It is entailment
she is a bride. Premise is a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual. It is entailment to say the bride hugs the other person because she is a bride. Premise is a woman in bridal wear embraces
he is a man.  The inference is that the woman is the bride and the man is the groom.  The inference is that the woman is the bride and the man is the groom.  The inference is
they are married. It is not neutral to say the newly married couple kiss because they are kissing.  Premise is a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual. It is neutral to say the newly married couple kiss because they are
the woman is looking on from her window.  Premise is two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon
it is not a statement about the parade. It is a statement about the parade. It
it is not a statement about the parade itself. It is a statement about the parade participants.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a man is showing off his prize winning horse. Premise is entailment to say a man is showing off his prize winning mule because it is
there is no information about the accident. The inference is that there has been an accident because the camera is pointing at the platform.  The inference is that there has been an accident because the camera is
they are wearing safety gear. Premise is four men in safety gear are standing on a platform. It is entailment to say the men are working because they are wearing safety gear. Premise is four
there are 4 men in safety gear.  The inference is that there are 4 men in safety gear.  The inference is that there are 4 men in safety gear.  The
the child is wearing a helmet. Premise is a child is wearing a helmet. Premise is a child is in a baby carrier. Premise is a child is in a baby carrier
it is a contradiction to say a child sleeps in a crib.  Premise is a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor. It is contradiction to say
it is wearing a helmet. The child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon because it is wearing
it is not a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the bug.  Now let's say we want to say that the bug is a cockroach. We can't
it is entailment to say they are walking together.  Premise is two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag. It is entailment to say two boys
they are not sleeping.  Premise is two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag. It is contradiction to say two boys are sleeping beside the garbage bag because they
they are wearing an orange shirt. Premise is a person wearing an orange shirt reaching up. It is entailment to say a person is wearing an orange shirt because they are reaching up. Premise is a person wearing an orange shirt reaching
it is a contradiction to say a person is not sitting in a chair.  The inference is that the person is reaching up.  The inference is that the person is reaching up.  The inference is that the person
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the action. The action is reaching up.  The inference is that the person is reaching up to grab something. The inference is not that the person is
it is not a statement about the couple. The inference is that the boy is hispanic because he is holding the girl. The inference is not that the girl is hispanic because she is holding the boy.
the boy's arm is around the girl. Premise is entailment to say the couple are on a bus because the boy's arm is around the girl. Premise is entailment to say the
the boy's arm is around the girl. The inference is that the couple are in their own car.  The inference is based on the context of the sentence. The inference is not based
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about her dress.  Now we can say that the lady in the green flowered dress is trying to sell
it is contradictory to say a man has a bag of wooden toys.  The inference is that the woman is holding a bag of wooden toys.  The inference is that
she is holding a container of yarn toys. Premise is entailment to say a lady in a dress has a container of yarn toys because she is holding a container of yarn
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the sea shells.  The inference is that some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells.  The inference is that some
they are wearing green shirts. Premise is people are wearing green shirts because they are walking on the beach. Premise is people are wearing green shirts because they are walking on the beach. Premise is people are wearing green
he is not wearing green shirt.  The inference is that the man in red shirt is reading at the park.  The inference is that the man in red shirt is reading at the park.
there are a lot of people standing around the start line. Premise is a lot of people are standing around the start line. It is entailment to say a lot of people are in a race because there are a
people are standing around the start line.  The inference is that people are crossing the finish line.  The inference is that people are crossing the finish line.  The inference is that people are crossing the finish line.
it is a natural language inference. It is not a statement about the crowd.  The crowd is getting ready to run is a statement about the crowd. It is not a statement about the people.  The crowd is getting
it is entailment to say a man is standing on a roof.  Premise is a man dressed in blue places mop inside
he is wearing blue shoes.  The inference is that the man is jumping off the building because he is wearing blue shoes.  The inference is that
he is dressed in blue. It is also neutral to say a man is happy about cleaning the roof because he is dressed in blue.
there are birds outside. It is entailment to say there are a lot of birds outside because there are birds outside. It is entailment to say there are a lot of birds
the boy is not in the dog park. The inference is that the boy is in the middle of birds.  The inference is that the boy is in the middle of
it is a necessary condition for the birds to be there.  Premise is the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk. It is entailment
it is entailment to say gymnasts are preparing for a competition.  Premise is four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for
they are preparing for their next routine. Premise is entailment to say gymnasts wearing matching leotards practicing because they are preparing for their next routine. Premise
they are performing to an audience.  The inference is that the gymnasts are performing to an audience.  The inference is that the gymnasts are performing to an audience
it is not clear whether she is laughing at the joke or laughing at the person who told the joke.  The inference is that she is laughing at the joke because she is laughing at the person who told the joke.
she is laughing. Premise is entailment to say she is laughing because she is an asian woman. Premise is entailment to say she is an asian woman because she is dressed in colorful clothing. Premise
she is not asian. Premise is entailment to say the woman is not wearing a colorful outfit because she is not asian. Premise is entailment to say the woman is not wearing a colorful outfit because she is
they are riding bikes. Premise is two people riding their bikes down a street together. It is entailment to say folks riding bikes because they are riding bikes. Premise is two people riding their bikes down a street together. It is entail
they are married. The inference is that they got married at the courthouse.  The inference is that they got married at the courthouse.  The inference is that they got married at the courthouse.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the date itself. It is a statement about the couple riding their bikes together.  The inference is that the couple rode their bikes together on a date.  The inference is that the
there are people inside. It is entailment to say there are people inside because there are people outside. It is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people inside. It is entailment to say there
it is not specific to any gender.  The inference is that the two men are the two people walking down the street. The inference is that the two women are the two people walking down the street
they are eating lunch together.  The inference is that the two men are eating lunch together and the two women are eating lunch together.  The inference is that the two men are eating lunch together and the two women
he is a veteran. It is also neutral to say the veteran had entered an art contest and won first place because he is a veteran. The inference is that the veteran had entered
he is wearing scuba gear.  The inference is that the man is wearing scuba gear.  The inference is that the man
there is one man in the picture. Premise is entailment to say there is one man in the picture because there is one man in the picture. Premise is entailment to say there is
the group of people includes a man and a woman.
they are playing instruments.  The inference is that the man and woman are sightseeing because they are playing instruments.  The
it is impossible to jump a bridge.  The inference is that the man and woman are playing instruments on the double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing
it is not a statement about the people on the bus.  The inference is
it is entailment to say there is a man in an
there is no cat driving a car.  The inference is that the man in
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the boy.  The inference is that the person is riding a bicycle. The inference is that the person is riding a bicycle because the inference is that
she is wearing a pink dress.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine can be trained to recognize the premises and the conclusion.  The inference engine
it is entailment to say a person in a black and green outfit rides a bike.  Premise is a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle. It is entailment to
they are waiting for their children to come out of the carousel.  The inference is that some people are outside because they are waiting for their children to come out of the carousel.  The inference is that some
they are waiting for the carousel. It is neutral to say some families have babies because they are waiting for the carousel. It is neutral to say some families have babies because they are waiting for the carousel. It is neutral
dogs are not allowed in front of carousel.  The inference is that families with dogs are waiting in front of a carousel.  The inference is that families with dogs are waiting in front
it is entailment to say two kids surf in the ocean. Premise is two kids surf in the ocean. It is entailment to say two kids surf in the ocean because it is entailment to say two kids surf in the
they are not children.  The inference is that the children are not children because they are in blue wetsuits.  The inference is that the children are not children because they are in blue wetsuits.  The
they are in blue wetsuits. Premise is two kids surf because they are in blue wetsuits. Premise is two kids surf because they are in blue wetsuits. Premise is two kids surf because they are in blue w
there are many trucks. Premise is there are many trucks because there are many trucks. Premise
it is a dog and not a cat.  The inference is that the dog is a dog and not
there are many trucks. It is entailment to say there are many trucks because there are many
it is not a statement about the youth skateboards. It is neutral to say a youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised because it is not a statement about
a griffin is a mythical creature.  The inference is that a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.  The inference is that a youth bikes by a
the griffin is wielding a flaming sword. Premise is entailment to say a youth skateboards by a mural because the griffin is wielding a flaming sword because the youth skateboards by a
they see runners. Premise is entailment to say runners see runners because they see runners. Premise is entailment to say runners see runners because
they are not running.  The inference engine is able to infer that runners are sleeping because they are not running.  The inference engine is able to infer that runners
they are running to the right. It is also neutral to say runners see something because they are running to the left.  Now, let's say runners see something because
she is cleaning up. It is entailment to say she is inside because she is making supper. It is entailment to say she is inside because she is cleaning up supper. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the action of cleaning.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a statement about the woman. It
she is cleaning up.  Premise is a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper. It is contradiction to say a woman is at the beach because she is cleaning
he is wearing a winter jacket and knit cap.  Premise is a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a
he is wearing a winter jacket and knit cap. Premise is entailment to say a man is outside in the snow because he is wearing a winter jacket and knit
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a
they are taking part in the walk-a-thon.  Premise is a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon. It is entailment to say some of the
some people are playing video games.  Premise is a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon. It is contradiction to say everyone here is playing some video games because some people are
it is not a statement about the event. It is a statement about the family.  The inference is that the family is taking part in the walk-a-th
it is not a dog.  Premise is black dog running very fast. It is contradiction to say a cat is running through a field because it is not a dog.  Premise is black dog running very fast. It is contradiction
it is black. Premise is black dog running very fast. It is entailment to say a dog is running because it is fast. Premise is black dog running very fast. It is entailment to say a dog is running because it is running very
it is a dog. It is neutral to say a dog is chasing a duck because it is chasing a duck. It is neutral to say a dog is chasing a duck because it is chasing a duck. It is neutral to say a dog is chasing a
fingers are not paint brushes.  The inference is that the people are using their fingers to paint with because fingers are not paint brushes.  The inference is
they are using paint brushes.  The inference is that the people are making a welcome home sign because they are using paint brushes.  The inference is that the
they are sitting at a table.  Premise is a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper. It is
it is not gender specific. However, if we say a male teen is working on a school project, it is gender specific.  The inference is that the person is male. The inference is not that the person is a teen
he is working on a school project.  The inference is that the boy is working on a school project.  The inference is that the boy is working on a school project.  The inference is that
he is a male teen. Premise is entailment to say a teenager working on homework because he is a male teen. Premise is entailment to say a teenager working on homework because he is a male teen. Premise is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he works on the project. It is a fact that he works on the project in shop class. It is a fact that he works on the
the boy is in shop class. The boy's project is for a school activity because the boy is in shop class. The boy's project is for a school activity because the boy is in shop class. The boy
he is working on his own project.  Premise is a boy works on a project in shop class. It is contradiction to say the boy peeks through a doorway at people working
they are cooking food for customers.  The inference is that chefs are cooking food for customers.  The inference is that chefs are cooking food for customers.  The inference is that chefs are cooking food for
they are preparing food for customers.  Premise is chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers. It is entailment to say chefs are making food for customers because they are preparing food for customers.
it is not a statement about the customers.  Now, let's say we want to say that the customers are entertained while watching the chefs make the food. We can say that the customers are
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man
the bald black man is not painting on a canvas with paint on a pick and
the premise is a bald black man wearing safety glasses and a long
it is not a statement about the inmates. It is a statement about the beach.  The inference is that the inmates are cleaning up the beach. The inference is not that the inmates are
they are not sitting on a beach.  The inference is that the trash cans are not sitting on a beach because they are not sitting on a beach.  The inference is
there are people walking on the beach. Premise is three people are walking on a beach. It is entailment to say there are people at the beach because there are people walking on the beach. Premise is three people are walking on
there are people walking on the beach.  The inference is not only possible but it is also possible to infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference is possible because the premises are true.  The inference is possible
they are walking on the beach.  The inference is that people are swimming in the ocean.  The inference is that people are swimming in the ocean.  The inference is that people are swimming in the ocean.  The
squirrels don't run.  The inference is that squirrels don't run.  The inference is that squirrels don't run because squirrels don't run.  The
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the grass.  The inference is that the grass is green because dogs run on it. The inference is not that dogs run
it is entailment to say dogs run in the grass. Premise is a dog and black and white dog run along the green grass. It is entailment to say two dogs run in the grass because it
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the comb.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man is
it is entailment to say someone in a plaid shirt is sitting on a box. Premise is a man in a
he is not a waiter.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion. The inference engine is a computer program that takes the
it is not clear whether they are playing a game or just laughing. The inference is that they are playing a game.  The inference is based on the context. The context is that they are playing
he is jumping over kids because he is jumping over kids because he is jumping over kids because he is jumping over kids because he is jumping over kids because he is jumping over kids because he is jumping
the boy jumped over them.  The inference is that the children are standing up crying because the boy jumped over them.  The inference is that the children are standing up crying because the boy
a few dogs are playing outside. Premise is entailment to say a few dogs are playing outside because a few dogs are playing rough. Premise is entailment to say a few dogs are playing rough because
dogs are awake. Premise is a dog is sleeping because dogs are awake. Premise is a dog is sleeping because dogs are awake. Premise is a dog is sleeping because dogs are awake. Premise is a dog is
it is small. It is not neutral to say one dog is timid because it is small.  Premise is a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field. It is neutral to say one dog
they are standing under a tent-like structure.  The inference is that people are celebrating because they are standing under a tent-like structure.  The inference is that people are celebrating because they
they are standing under a tent-like structure. It is also neutral to say the people are friends because they are standing under a tent-like structure. It is also neutral to say the people are strangers
there are five people.  The inference is that there are two people.  The inference is that there are two people.  The inference is that there are two people.  The
the concert is not at the park.  The inference is that the concert is at the park.  The inference is that the concert is at the park.  The inference is that the concert is at the
it is true. It is also true that a few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand. It is also true that a few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand
it is not a statement about the birthday party. It is a statement about the people eating burgers and fries at the birthday party.  Premise is a group of african americans getting
they are in a park. It is neutral to say they are at the park because they are in a field of grass. It is neutral to say they are at the park because they are in a field of grass. It is
they are all playing checkers. It is also neutral to say they are all playing chess because they are all playing chess.  Now, let's say we have a group of people standing and sitting in a field of
they are standing and sitting. It is entailment to say the grass is green because it is standing and sitting. It is entailment to say the grass is green because it is grass. It is entailment to say the grass
they are not walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and infers the conclusion. The inference engine is a computer program
it is not a natural language inference.  The natural language inference is that the path is paved by the grandfather. The natural language inference is that the path is paved by
they are walking outdoors. Premise is two individuals are walking outdoors because they are walking outdoors. Premise is two individuals are walking outdoors because they are walking outdoors. Premise is two individuals are walking outdoors because they
it is not a statement about the young man. It is a statement about the beer. The inference is that the young man is drinking a beer.  The inference is not that the young man is drinking a beer because
it is not a cigarette. The inference is that he is smoking a cigar.  The inference is based on the context of the sentence. The context is that he is sitting on a couch. The context is that he
he is sitting on a couch. Premise is entailment to say a young man sitting on a couch because he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say a young man smoking a cigarette because he is
cheerleaders are standing on a football field.  Premise is cheerleaders standing on a football field. It is contradiction to say cheerleaders are standing on a bridge because cheerleaders are standing on a football field.  Premise
they are standing on a football field. Premise is cheerleaders are wearing outside because they are standing on a football field. Premise is cheerleaders are wearing outside because they are standing on a football field. Premise is cheerleaders are wearing
it is not a statement about the team. It is a statement about the cheerleaders.  Now, let's say we want to say cheerleaders are practicing their routines because they are practicing their routines. We can say cheerleaders are practicing
the coach talks with his player in front of the crowd.  The inference is that the coach talks with his player in front of the crowd.  The inference
it is not a statement about the coach's gender.  The inference is that the coach is a man because the context is that of a football coach. The inference is that the coach is
he is not playing.  Premise is coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background. It is contradiction to say a football player is climbing into the stands at a game
he is listening to a woman talk.  The inference is a man has a beer with him because he is listening to a woman talk.  The inference is a man has a beer with him
he is drinking to fall asleep. It is also neutral to say he is drinking to fall asleep because he is drinking to fall asleep.  The inference is that he is drinking to fall asleep.  The
she is a woman. Therefore, the man has a beer.  The inference is that the man has a beer because he is a man.  The inference is that the man has a beer because he is
she is sitting down. Premise is entailment to say a young woman is sitting down because she is sitting down. Premise is entailment to say a young woman is sitting down because she is sitting down.
it is a fact that she is enjoying the sun. The inference is that she is enjoying the sun because she is young.  Now let's say we have a sentence that is ambiguous. It could be interpreted
it is raining. The inference is that the young woman is sitting on a park bench in the sun.  Premise is a young woman sitting on a park bench in the sun. It
she is wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts. Premise is entailment to say a blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park because she
blondes don't sit on park benches.  Premise is a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts. It is contradiction
she is wearing brown tank top and olive green shorts. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment to entail
it is not a statement about her nationality. It is a statement about her behavior.  Now, let's say that the poster is in
she is carrying a package on her head.  The inference is that the woman is carrying a package on her head because she is outdoors.  The
he is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman is carrying the package because she is a woman.  The inference is that
she is a cheerleader. Premise is entailment because it is a cheerleader. Premise is entailment because it is a cheerleader. Premise is entail
a cheerleader passes out t-shirts.  The inference engine is able to infer that the cheerleader is passing out t-shirts because the player is passing out hot
it is not a statement about the cheerleader. It is a statement about the team.  Premise is a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is
they are not cheerleaders.  Premise is crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out
they are smiling.  Premise is crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled
it is not a statement about the crowd. It is neutral to say cheerleaders pass out new t shirts to the crowd
it is not racing.  Premise is a brown dog races through a field. It is contradiction to say a dog is barking out of the window because it is not racing.  Premise is a brown dog races through
it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about the race. The inference is that the dog is racing another dog.  Premise is a brown dog races through a field. It is neutral to say a brown
it is brown. Premise is entailment to say a dog is racing because it is a dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog is racing because it is racing. Premise is entailment to say a dog is racing because it
it is not a dog.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes a sentence and tries to find a logical contradiction. It is a program that tries to find a contradiction in the sentence.
there is grass. It is entailment to say there is a dog running in grass because there is a dog outside. It is entailment to say there is a dog running in grass because there is a housing development behind
it is running in long grass. It is not neutral to say a dog is running back home because it is running in long grass behind a housing development.  Premise is a dog running in long grass, a
he is dressed in rags and sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow.  Premise is an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the
he is sleeping on the ground.  Premise is an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow. It is contradiction
he is sleeping on the ground.  The inference is that the old indian man is sleeping on the ground because he is old.  The inference is
she is carrying something.  The inference is that she is carrying groceries.  The inference is that she is carrying groceries.  The inference is that she
it is entailment to say a person in a top carries groceries.  The problem is that the inference is not valid. Premise is not entailment
it is not specific to gender.  Now let's say we have a sentence like "The woman carrying bags of groceries is tall". This sentence is ambiguous because
it is not a statement about the horse. It is a statement about the girls.  Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. It is neutral to say two girls are getting ready to ride horses because it is not
it is not eating an apple.  Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. It is contradiction to say a horse is eating a banana because it is not eating an apple.  Premise is two girls feeding a horse
they are feeding it. Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. It is entailment to say two girls are near an animal because they are feeding it. Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. It is entail
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say someone plays a game because he plays cricket. Premise is entailment to say someone plays a game because he plays cricket. Premise is entailment to say someone plays a game because he plays cricket.
a woman cannot play polo.  Premise is a man playing cricket. It is contradiction to say a woman plays polo because a woman cannot play polo.  Premise is a man playing cricket. It is contradiction to say a woman plays
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's occupation.  Premise is a man playing cricket. It is neutral to say an indian man plays cricket because it is not a statement about the man himself.
he is running in the heat. The inference is that the man is sweating because he is running in the heat.  The inference is that the man is sweating because he is running
he is wearing a blue jogging suit. Premise is entailment to say a man is outside on the streets because he is wearing a blue jogging suit. Premise is
a man cannot run on a sidewalk with no painting.  The inference is that the man is running on the sidewalk in front of the painting.  The inference
he is trying to make a basket.  The inference is that the basketball player is trying to make a basket.  The inference is that the basketball player
it is not a statement about the player's performance. It is a statement about the team's performance.  Now, let's say that the player
he is wearing a red uniform. Premise is entailment to say a basketball player is wearing a red uniform because he is playing basketball. Premise is entailment to
they are jumping in the water. Premise is entailment to say two people are jumping in the water because they are about to be in water. Premise is entailment to say
they are spontaneous people. It is not neutral to say a husband and wife are jumping in a freezing river because they are married.  Premise is one man
it is not possible to be in two places at once.  The inference is that the man is jumping in the water, and the woman is jumping in
it is not in the air. Premise is in the air because it is not in the air. Premise is in the air because it is not in the air. Premise is in the air because it is
it is a bird. Premise is entailment to say the bird is on the ground because it is on the ground. Premise is entailment to say the bird is on the ground because it is on the
it is having trouble flying. Premise is having trouble flying because it is having trouble flying. Premise is having trouble flying because it is having trouble flying. Premise is having trouble flying because it is having trouble flying
they are running the ball between two downed opponents. Premise is entailment to say some people are running the ball between two downed opponents because they are playing rugby. Premise is entailment to say some people are playing rugby because
they are running the ball between two downed opponents.  Premise is a rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents. It is contradiction to say someone is playing hockey because they are running the ball between two downed opponents.
the girl is wearing pink. Premise is a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her. It is entailment to say a
it is not gender specific. However, it is gender specific to say a woman carrying a bag with a girl behind her.  The same goes for the sentence "
the girl is walking behind her.  The inference is that the girl is the woman's daughter.  The inference is that the girl is the woman's daughter
he is a clown.  Premise is a clown performs in a park among other people. It is contradiction to say a killer seeks prey because he is a clown.  Premise is a clown performs in a park among other people
it is dark outside.  The inference is that the clown is performing in the park.  The inference is that the clown is performing in the park. Premise is a clown performs in a park among other people. It is
the first man is not a man. The inference is that the man in the suit is the woman's husband.  The inference is that the man in the suit is the woman's husband.  The
it is entailment to say a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.  Premise is a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman. It is entailment to say
it is entailment to say a man is speaking to a woman. Premise is entailment to say a man in a suit because it is entailment to say a man is wearing a suit. Premise is entailment
he is using a spatula.  Premise is a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill. It is contradiction to say a young boy is grilling vegetables because he is using
it is entailment to say a young boy is using a spatula to handle meat on a grill. Premise is entailment to say a young boy is using
it is not a statement about the boy's gender. However, it is a statement about the boy's action.  Premise: A young boy is grilling steak.  Premise: A
a man is sleeping on a cot.  Premise is a man is making a phone call. It is contradiction to say a man is sleeping on a cot because a man is sleeping on a cot.
it is not a statement about the man's wife. It is a statement about the man.  Premise is a man is making a phone call. It is neutral to say a man is calling his wife because it is not a statement
he is making a phone call. Premise is entailment to say a man is making a phone call because he is making a phone call. Premise is entailment to say a man is making a phone call because he is making a
a female is taking a picture of a male. Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a man. It is entailment to say a female is near a male because a female is taking a picture of a male.
the crowd is watching a parade.  The inference is that the crowd is watching the parade because the woman is taking a picture of the man.  The inference is that the crowd is watching the parade because the woman is taking
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the wife is taking a photo of her husband. The hypothesis is that the wife is taking a photo of her husband. The hypothesis is that the
he is afraid of him. The inference is that the man is hiding from his friend because he is afraid of him.  The inference is a natural language inference because it is based on the language
he is ducking down.  The inference is that the man is outside the flower field.  The inference is that the man is inside the flower field.  The inference is that the man is
he is not in the flower field.  Premise is a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field. It is entailment to say the man is outside because he is
it is contradictory to say a lady is standing in the middle of a crowded mall.  The inference is that the lady is standing in the
it is entailment to say a lady is dressed in a costume. Premise is a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an
it is not a statement about the lady. It is a statement about the woodsman.  Now, let's say we want to say that
they are wearing orange helmets. Premise is two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains. It is entailment to say
they are wearing orange helmets.  Premise is two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains. It is contradiction to say
they are wearing orange helmets. It is not neutral to say some people go on an adventure because they are wearing orange helmets.  The inference is that orange helmets are associated with
she is lowering ballast. Premise is entailment to say the woman is lowering ballast because she is adjusting the boat. Premise is entailment to say the woman is lowering ballast because she is adjusting the boat. Prem
airplanes don't have ballast.  The inference is that the woman is on a boat.  The inference is that the woman is on a boat because the woman is lowering ballast on a boat.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the captain. It is a statement about the boat.  The captain is preparing for rough waters because he is lowering ballast.  The captain is preparing for rough waters because he
they are hiking up a snow slope.  The inference is that the hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.  The inference is that the hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.
it is entailment to say two people are hiking. Premise is two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope. It is entailment to say two people are hiking with backpacks up a snowy slope
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact.  The inference is that the hikers are cold because they are
it is entailment to say they are walking across a mountain. Premise is two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain. It is entailment to say they are walking across a mountain
it is not a statement about the race. It is neutral to say two mountaineers are walking across a mountain because it is not a statement about the mountain. It is neutral to say two mount
they are not walking across the mountain.  The inference is that the two mountaineers are walking across the mountain.  The inference is that the two mountaineers are sitting at the beach.
he is white.  The inference is that the person painting his house is a dark-skinned person.  The inference is that the person painting his house is a dark-skinned person.  The
they are crouching. Premise is a dark-skinned person, crouching while painting a sign. It is entailment to say a person is crouching while painting a sign. Premise is a dark-skinned person
it is not a statement about the man's race. It is a statement about the man's action.  The same is true for the following sentence:  Premise is a dark-skinned person
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the picture.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is bald. We can say that the man is bald because
it is entailment to say a person is bald. Premise is bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall. It is entailment to say a person is bald because it
a bald person stands in front of a brick wall.  Premise is a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall. It is contradiction to say a hairy person naps because a bald person
there are people inside. It is entailment to say there are people inside because there are people outside. It is entailment to say there are
they are married. It is also neutral to say the man and woman are not married because they are not married. The inference is that the
she is wearing sunglasses. The inference is that the woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man because
the young man is playing the blue guitar.  The inference is that the young man is playing the blue guitar to the group of people.  The inference is that the young man is playing the blue guitar
it is a fact. The inference is that the young man practices on his guitar before the concert.  The inference is that the young man practices on his guitar before the concert because it is a fact.
he is young. Premise is a young man is playing a blue guitar. It is entailment to say the man is playing the guitar because he is playing the guitar. Premise is a young man is playing a blue guitar.
a mammoth is a mammal. Premise is a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse. Premise is a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a mammoth. Premise is a
it is entailment to say a man is wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.  Premise is a man wearing black pants and a helmet
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the horse race.  The inference is that the man is practicing for a horse race. The inference is not that the man is
it is not a line.  The inference is that people are waiting in line during a snowstorm.  The inference is that people are waiting in line during a snowstorm.  The inference is
it is snowing. It is entailment to say people are in a snowstorm because it is snowing because it is snowing because it is snowing because it is snowing because it is snowing because it is snowing
it is not a statement about the snowstorm. It is a statement about people.  The inference is that people are waiting in line for food because it is snowing.  The inference
they are in a dark setting.  The inference is a conjunction of premises. Premise 1 is xylophonists play in a dark setting. Premise 2 is someone who plays a xylophone because they are
some people are not walking on the road.  The inference is: xylophonists play in a dark setting.  The inference is: Some people walk on the road.  The inference is: Some people walk
xylophonists play in a dark setting. It is entailment to say xylophonists play in a dark setting because xylophonists play in a dark setting. It is entailment to say xylophon
they are athletic. Premise is athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight. It is entailment to say the men are wearing black pants because they are athletic. Premise is athletic men in matching black pants performing
they are not athletic men.  Premise is athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight. It is contradiction to say a group of girls talk and laugh outside because they are not athletic men.
the man is holding the dog. Premise is entailment to say a man and a small multicolored dog are in the water because the man is holding the dog
the cat is swimming next to a man.  The inference is that the cat is swimming next to the man because the man is teaching the cat how to use the diving
the puppy swims next to the man. Premise is entailment to say the man teaches his puppy how to swim because the puppy swims next to the man. Premise is entailment
children are playing childish games while others stand by.  Premise is children nap on a floor while others stand by. It is contradiction to say children are playing childish games while others stand by because children are playing childish
others are standing by. It is entailment to say children are standing by because others are napping on a floor. It is entailment to say children are standing by because others are napping on a floor. It is
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the environment.  Now let's say we want to say children nap on a floor inside a pre school. We can say children nap
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the tray.  Now, let's say we want to say that the tray is filled with sandwiches. We can say that the
she is a woman wearing white and black.  The inference is that the woman wearing white and black is a woman wearing white and black.  The inference
she is wearing white and black. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing white and black because she is carrying a serving tray. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing white and black because
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the girl's friends.  Premise is a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background. It is
the soccer ball is green and the girl is playing soccer.  The inference is that the girl is playing soccer.  The inference is that the girl is playing soccer.  The inference is
there is a girl playing soccer in a field. Premise is entailment to say there is a girl playing soccer in a field because there is a girl playing soccer in a field. Prem
it is a black dog. Premise is a black dog is running through a marsh-like area. It is entailment to say a dog is running through a marshy area because it is a black
it is neutral to say a dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh. It is not neutral to say a dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh because it is neutral to say a dog is
yellow dog is not black dog. Premise is a black dog is running through a marsh-like area. Conclusion is a yellow dog is chasing a rabbit.  The inference is that a yellow dog is chasing a
women are not fighting.  Premise is two men are boxing in fighting arena. It is contradiction to say two women are fighting because women are not fighting.  Premise is two men are boxing in fighting arena. It is contradiction to say
they are fighting. Premise is two men are fighting in fighting arena. It is entailment to say two men are fighting because they are boxing. Premise is two men are fighting in fighting arena. It is entailment to say two men are
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the fighting arena.  Now, we can say that the men are punching eachother because they are fighting in the arena. But we can also say that they are punching
he is looking at an accident between cars and a bike.  The inference is that the guy is looking at an accident between cars and a
it is not a statement about the guy. It is a statement about the collision.  Now, let
he is looking at an accident between vehicles. Premise is entailment to say a guy looks upon an accident between vehicles because he is looking at
he is testing model airplanes.  Premise is a man tests model airplanes in an open field. It is contradiction to say a man is mowing his lawn because he is testing model airplanes.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the model airplanes.  The man is standing and testing model airplanes.  The man is standing and testing model airplanes.  The man is
he is in an open field. Premise is a man tests model airplanes in an open field is entailment to say a man is testing model airplanes because he is in an open field. Premise is a man tests model airplanes
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the people who are watching the game.  Now, let's say we want to
blue is not a color of a soccer uniform.  The inference engine is trained on a corpus of soccer videos. It learns to recognize the color of the uniforms and the color of the ball. It can
it is not specific to any soccer game.  Now let's say we have a sentence that says "Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside." This
it is not necessary to say that the boy and his dad are looking at ducks. However, it is necessary to say that the boy and his dad are looking at ducks because it is
they are looking at ducks in a pond. Premise is entailment to say people watch ducks in a pond because they are looking at ducks in a pond. Premise is entailment to say people watch ducks
it is not a statement about the ducks. It is a statement about the man and his son.  Premise is a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a
he punched them out. Premise is entailment to say a boy punched out flashcards because he punched them out. Premise is entailment to say a boy punched out flashcards because he
he punches out flashcards. Premise is a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in. It is contradiction to say a boy watches tv because he punches out flashcards. Premise is a little boy
he punched his old flashcards from the cardboard they came in. Premise is entailment to say a boy punches his new flashcards from the carboard they came i
they are not specified. The inference is that the flowers are lilacs.  Premise is a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle. It is neutral to say the flowers are
she is wearing black clothing. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment
she is dressed in black. Premise is a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle. Premise is a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle. Premise
they are late for work. It is also true that two men are late for work because they are late for work.  Now, let's say that the two men are late for work
it is not clear whether the mechanics are human or mechanical.  The second premise is that the mechanics are working on a machine that is mounted on a wall. This is a statement about the mechanics.
it is entailment to say some men work on a machine on a wall.  Premise is two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted
they are shopping. It is entailment to say people are shopping because they are outside. It is entailment to say people are outside because they are shopping. It is entailment to say people are shopping because they are outside. It is entailment to say
people don't walk around inside malls.  The inference is that people do not walk around inside malls.  The inference is that people do not walk around inside malls.  The inference is that people do not walk around inside malls.
they are shopping. It is entailment to say people are enjoying the sunny day at the market because they are shopping at the market. It is entailment to say people are enjoying the sunny day at the market because they are shopping
the man is outside and the dog is inside.  The inference is that the man is outside on the beach walking his dog.  The inference is that the man is outside on the beach walking his
there is sand on the beach. Premise is entailment to say there is sand on the beach because there is sand on the ground. Premise is entailment to say there is sand on the beach because there is sand
he is outside on the beach walking his dog. The inference is that the man is at the beach fishing.  The inference is that the man is at the beach fishing because he is outside on the beach walking his dog
it is entailment to say adults standing up with kids kneeling on the ground.  Premise is a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground. It is entail
she is pregnant.  Premise is a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground. It is contradiction to say a woman drinks moonshine because she is pregnant.
they are standing up. It is also neutral to say the coaches give the team last minute directions because they are kneeling down.  The inference is that the coaches are standing up because they are
it is not a statement about the man in the black shirt. It is a statement about the
he is about to cross the road while on his cellphone.  The inference is that the child is upset
the man in the black shirt is wearing a black shirt.  Premise is a man
the man on the cellphone is prone on the street.  Premise is a man with a beard is talking on the
it is not a statement about the man who is lying down. It is a statement about the man who is standing next to the man who
it is contradictory to say two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab because it is contradictory to say two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a
she is a girl. Premise is entailment to say a girl moving her muscles to get exercise in because she is doing exercises. Premise is entailment to say a girl moving her muscles to get exercise in because she
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her fitness.  Premise is a girl in black pants doing exercises. It is neutral to say a girl trying to get fit for a body
they are not girls.  The inference is that the girl is doing exercises. The inference is that the girl is doing exercises. The inference is that the girl is doing exercises. The inference is that the girl is doing exercises.
they are gathered together in a house.  Premise is family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company. It is entailment to say a family is enjoying a night at home because they are gathered together
it is not specific to any particular family.  Now let's say we have a sentence like this:  "The family is sitting inside a house."  Now we can infer that the family is sitting
they are gathered together in a house.  Premise is family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company. It is contradiction to say a family is out to eat at a restaurant because they are gathered together
he is blond and his mouth is wide open. Premise is entailment to say a boy riding a roller-coaster because he is blond and his mouth is wide open. Premise is
she is not blond.  The inference is that blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.  The inference is that blond boy is riding roller-coaster
it is not a statement about the blond boy. It is a statement about the little boy. The blond boy is riding a roller-coaster is a statement about the blond boy.
the man is taking a picture.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. The inference engine is trained to recognize the
it is not a statement about the man or the woman. It is a statement about the weather.  Now, let's say we have a picture of
it is entailment to say a man is taking a picture outdoors while a woman walks behind him.  Premise is a man
it is a machine. It is not neutral to say the men are operating a machine because they are men.  The inference is that the men are operating a machine because they are men.  The inference is that the men
they are standing near a piece of machinery.  The inference is that the machinery is the cause of the sex.  The inference is that the machinery is the cause of the sex.  The inference is that the machinery is
the men are near it. Premise is two men stand near a piece of large machinery. It is entailment to say the machinery is very large because the men are near it. Premise is two men stand near a piece of
they help each other cut plastic. Premise is two men help each other cut plastic. It is entailment to say two men cut some plastic because they help each other cut plastic. Premise is two men help each other cut
it is not a statement about the relationship between the men.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "Two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic." This sentence is ambiguous because it
they are friends.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from the context. It is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from the context.  The inference engine is
she is not swimming.  The inference is that the woman is sitting beside the pool because she is not swimming.  The inference is that the woman is sitting beside the pool because she is not swimming.
she is wearing a swimming cap. Premise is entailment to say a swimmer is wearing a swimming cap because she is swimming. Premise is entailment to say a swimmer is wearing a swimming cap because she is
it is not gender specific. However, if we say a woman is practicing her butterfly stroke, it is gender specific.  The inference is that the swimmer is a woman. The inference is not that the
it is entailment to say girls ride an amusement park ride. Premise is two girls ride an amusement park ride. It is entailment to say girls ride an amusement park ride because it is entailment to say girls ride an amusement
it is a natural language inference. It is not a natural language inference to say the two girls are nervous about riding the park ride because they are girls.  Premise is two girls aboard an amusement park ride. It
it is not an amusement park ride.  Premise is two girls aboard an amusement park ride. It is contradiction to say two girls play jump rope in the street because it is not an amusement park ride.  Premise
it is contradiction to say a woman is standing by a fire pit. Premise is a woman is standing by a fire pit. Conclusion is a woman is standing by a fire pit. Premise
it is not a statement about the woman's age. It is a statement about the weather.  Premise is a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in
she is looking for something.  Premise is a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter. It is entailment to say a woman is exploring containers for
she is taking photos. Premise is entailment to say she is taking photos because she is holding a camera. Premise is entailment to say she is taking photos because she is holding a camera
it is not a statement about the woman's character. It is a statement about the wedding.  The inference is that the woman is photographing a wedding because she is taking photos in an area
she is taking photos. It is also neutral to say the woman is taking photos because she is a professional photographer.  The inference is that the woman is a professional photographer because she is taking photos.
they are running. Premise is two boys in running clothes stretching. It is entailment to say the boys are stretching because they are running. Premise is two boys in running clothes stretching. It is entailment to say the boys are stretching because they
it is not necessary to specify that they are stretching before gymnastics.  The inference is that the boys are stretching before gymnastics because they are in running clothes.  The inference is that the boys are stretching before gymnastics because
they are not sleeping.  The inference is that the boys are not sleeping because they are not sleeping.  The inference is that the boys are not sleeping because they are not sleeping.  The inference is that the boys are not sleeping because they
it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is that the women are studying because they are women.  The inference is that the women are studying because they are college students.  The inference
they are sitting at a table.  The inference is that the women are watching tv.  The inference is that the women are watching tv because they are sitting at a table.  The inference is that
they are sitting at a table. Premise is three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines. It is entailment to say three women are reading and writing because they are sitting at a
a soccer player wears a red uniform.  The inference is that the soccer player kicked the goal.  The inference is that the soccer player kicked the goal.
it is not a statement about the player's identity. It is a statement about the player's location.  The inference is that the player is walking to his car because he
there is a soccer player wearing a red uniform walking off the field after a game near a parking lot. Premise is entailment to say there is a parking lot because there
he is bald and white. It is also neutral to say the man is bald because he is a man. It is also neutral to say the man is bald because he is eating food and drinking wine. It is also
there is a man eating food and drinking wine. Premise is entailment to say there is a bald man because there is a man eating food and drinking wine. Premise is entailment to say there is
he is eating food and drinking wine. It is also neutral to say the man is eating food and drinking wine because he is bald. It is also neutral to say the man is bald because he is watching
they are playing on swings.  Premise is three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with
the children are playing with the swings.  The inference is that the children are playing with the swings because they are limbless.  The
they are playing together. The inference is that the two boys are brothers and the girl is their sister.  The inference is based on the context of
he is standing on stage holding the microphone over his head.  Premise is a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding
it is entailment to say a rocker is standing on the stage.  Premise is a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to
it is not a statement about the rocker. It is a statement about soundcheck.  Premise is a rocker standing
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The expert snowboarder is trying a new trick. It is neutral to say the expert snowboarder is trying a new trick because it is not a
he is expert snowboarder.  The inference is that the person is expert snowboarder because he is surfing on the water.  The inference is that the person is expert snowboarder because he is surfing on the
he is trying a new trick. Premise is entailment is entailment.  Premise is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is entailment is
a person does a trick in midair.  Premise is a person skateboarding because a person does a trick in midair. It is entailment to say a person skateboarding because a person does a trick in midair
the premise is about skateboarder.  The premise is about skateboarder. The conclusion is about roller skater. The conclusion is about skateboarder. The conclusion is about skateboarder. The conclusion
it is not a statement about the skateboarder. It is a statement about the trick.  Now, let's say we want to say that a skateboarder does a kick flip in midair
it is a contradiction to say a young person in black next to an older person because it is a contradiction to say a young person in black next to an older person because it is
it is not a statement about the relative. It is a statement about the person.  The inference is that the young person is standing next to the relative. The inference is not
it is entailment to say a young person in black next to an older person because it is entailment to say a young person in black next to an older person because it
they are not animals.  Premise is two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal. It is contradiction to say two young boys show prints of a line drawing
it is not a statement about the girls themselves.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid's drawing competition
there are young girls showing animal prints. Premise is two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal. It is entailment to say there are young girls showing animal drawings because there are young girls
the magazine is a book.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the library.  Now, if
they are contradicting each other.  Now, let's say we have
she is in a ball pit. Premise is a young girl is playing because she is in a ball pit. Premise is a young girl is playing because she is in a ball pit. Premise is a
she is playing in a ball pit.  The inference is that she is playing in a ball pit.  The inference is that she is playing in a ball pit.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the girl herself. It is a statement about the adults watching her.  Premise is several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit. It is neutral to
she is waiting to cross the street. Premise is entailment to say a woman is holding her bag and talking because she is waiting to cross the street
he is watching a football game.  Premise is a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street,
she is a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on
they are not wearing suits.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a bicycle helmet because she is a cyclist. The inference
it is not a statement about her personality. It is also neutral to say a girl looks stylish because she is wearing a bicycle
it is entailment to say a girl wears a helmet. Premise is blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle
it is not a statement about firemen. It is a statement about firetruck.  Now, we can say that tall firemen stand outside of their
policemen are not firemen.  The inference is that policemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.  The inference is that policemen stand outside
firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. Premise is firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. It
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the snow.  Now, let's say that the man is getting
he is dressed in white pants and blue shirt.  Now, let's say we have a man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, standing on a ledge in the snow
lava is hot and cold.  The inference is that the man is standing on a ledge in the snow.  The inference is that the man is standing on
they are watching a skateboarder. Premise is entailment to say a person is watching a skateboarder because they are watching a skateboarder. Premise is entailment to say a person is watching a skateboarder because they
a cow is eating grass.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer
it is not a statement about the skateboarder. It is a statement about the crowd.  Now, let's say the crowd is cheering loudly because the skateboarder is doing a 540. Prem
it is entailment to say a man is holding a briefcase. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding a briefcase because it is entailment to say a man is holding a briefcase. Premise is
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's job.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man is going to work at a bank. We can
it is contradictory to say a man is standing in the middle of a field with a briefcase.  Premise is a man holding a briefcase on a subway. It is contradiction to
it is neutral to say a young barefoot girl walks on top of a downed tree for fun.  Premise is a young barefoot girl wearing a
it is mossy. I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. Premise is
sneakers are not worn on a forest path. Premise is a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree. It is contradiction to say
she might fall off a tree. It is also neutral to say a girl might fall off a tree because she might fall off a tree. It is also neutral to say a
she is afraid of falling. It is also neutral to say she doesn't like balancing on a tree because she is afraid of falling.  Premise is a
it is a neutral statement. But it is not neutral to say a girl is walking on a tree because it is a statement about a girl.  Now, let's
he is wearing pajama pants. Premise is entailment to say the boy is wearing pajama pants because he jumped off the sofa. Premise is entailment to say the boy is wearing pajama pants
he is wearing pajama pants.  Premise is the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa. It is contradiction to say the boy is sitting on the couch because he is wearing pajama
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the sofa. The boy is bouncing on the sofa. The boy is bouncing on the sofa. The boy is bouncing on the sofa. The boy is
it is a natural language inference. It is not a natural language inference to say some children pass by a plastic triceratops because it is a natural language inference.  The problem is that
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that children are being chased by a velociraptor. The hypothesis is true if the kids are being chased by a velocir
dinosaurs are extinct. Premise is two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods. It is entailment to say young people are running outdoors because dinosaurs are extinct. Premise is two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods. It
he wears a suit and tie.  Premise is a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum. It is contradiction to say a
he is wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and purple had bangs. Premise is entailment to say a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and purple had bangs
it is not a statement about the drummer. It is a statement about the concert.  The inference is that the drummer is practicing for a concert.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the players.  The inference is that the team wearing white is winning the game because the players wearing white are winning the game.
hockey is played by men.  The inference is that the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.  The inference is that the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.
they are wearing white and blue. Premise is entailment to say two men are engaged in a sporting activity because they are wearing white and blue. Premise is entailment to say two men are engaged
it is neutral to say two identical dogs holding onto the same bone. It is neutral to say two identical dogs holding onto the same bone because it is neutral to say two identical dogs holding onto the
it is not possible to have two identical dogs and kittens at the same time.  The inference is that the dogs are holding a litter of kittens.  The inference is that the dogs are holding a litter of
it is neutral to say two dogs fight over a bone. It is neutral to say two dogs fight over a bone because it is neutral to say two dogs fight over a bone. It is neutral to say
it is not a statement about the boys' gender.  The inference is that the boys are working on an art project because they are boys.  The inference is that the boys are working on an art project because
blue shirts are not red shirts.  The inference is that the boys are wearing blue shirts.  The inference is that the boys are wearing blue shirts.  The inference is that the boys are wearing blue shirts.
there are five boys in blue shirts. Premise is five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table. It is entailment to say there are children wearing blue because there are five boys in blue shirts. Premise is five boys in
it is contradictory to say a man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him.  The inference is that the man in the red rain
it is not a statement about the man in the red raincoat.  The inference is that the man in the red
it is neutral. But it is not neutral to say man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog because it is not neutral. It is biased.  The
he is a man.  Premise is man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle. It is entailment to say man doing a trick riding his bicycle because he is a man.  Premise
he is not attending a meeting in his office.  The inference is that the man attending a meeting in his office because he is not attending a meeting in his office.  The inference is that the man attending
they are girls.  Premise is two girls playing catch on a lawn. It is entailment to say children playing a game on green grass because they are girls.  Premise is two girls playing catch on a lawn
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the girls playing catch.  Now, suppose we have a sentence that is not a statement about the girls playing catch. It is a
it is not possible for two girls to be walking beside a pond with ducks and swans.  The inference is that the girls are playing catch on a lawn.  The inference is that the girls are
she is a woman and the dog is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is a woman who is giving her dog a bath.  The inference is that the woman is a woman
she is wearing a black hooded sweatshirt. Premise is entailment to say a woman walking a dog because she is wearing a black hooded sweatshirt. Premise is entailment to say a woman
it is not specific to a person.  Now, let's say we have a video of a woman walking her dog. We can use the video to infer that the woman is walking her
it is cold outside. It is entailment to say the people are outside skating because it is raining outside. It is entailment to say the people are outside skating because it is snowing outside. It is entailment to
they are sleeping in the train station.  The inference is that the people are sleeping in the train station.  The inference is that the people are sleeping in the train station.  The inference is
they are not used to ice skating. It is also neutral to say the people are falling down a lot because they are not used to ice skating in a big city.  The inference is that the people are falling
a boy is wearing shorts, a t-shirt and sneakers.  The inference is that the girl is a boy.
she is wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots. Premise is entailment to say a
she is wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots. Premise is entailment to say a
she is wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket. Premise is entailment to say a girl standing near ice because she is wearing a blue ski cap
she is wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket. Premise is entailment to say a girl is standing in a winter landscape because she
it is not a natural language.  I think you are confusing natural language inference with natural language understanding. Natural language inference is the process of inferring the meaning of a sentence from its context. Natural language understanding is the process of infer
one cannot learn music.  Premise is a woman plays guitar for tips. It is contradiction to say there is no way one can learn music because one cannot learn music.  Premise is a woman plays guitar for tips.
it is not a fact. It is a fact that she plays guitar. It is also a fact that she plays guitar for tips. It is also a fact that she plays guitar for tips. It is also a fact that she plays guitar for tips.
it is not specific to any gender.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is ambiguous. It could be either a woman or a child walking up a street. We can't tell
it is not possible for two adults to be wearing red outfits.  The inference is that the woman is the child's mother.  The inference is that the woman is the child's mother.  The
they are both wearing red outfits. Premise is a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street. It is entailment to say two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
he is working outside. Premise is security officer working outside. It is entailment to say a security officer is working outside because he is working outside. Premise is security officer working outside. It is entailment to say a security officer is working outside because
it is not a statement about the security officer. It is a statement about the uniform.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The security officer is dressed in a uniform." This sentence is ambiguous. It can be interpreted as
it is contradictory to say a security officer is outside.  The security officer is outside because he is working outside.  The security officer is working outside because he is outside.  The security officer is working outside because he is working outside
it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is a statement about the path.  The following are statements about the cyclist:  The cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path.  The cyclist
it is not a conclusion. The inference is that the cyclist rides on a wooded path.  Premise is the cyclist rides on a wooded path. It is neutral to say the cyclist rides alone on a wood
it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is a statement about the companion.  Now, let's say we have a statement about the cyclist. It is a statement about the cyclist riding on a wood
african woman is walking through the field.  The inference is that african woman is walking through the field.  The inference is that african woman is walking through the field.  The inference is that af
there is african woman walking through the fields. Premise is african woman walking through field. It is entailment to say there is women navigating through the fields because there is african woman walking through the fields. Premise is af
it is not a statement about the african woman. It is a statement about the african woman looking for someone in the fields. It is a statement about the african woman looking for someone in the fields because it is
a person standing in a wheat field is a contradiction.  The inference is that the person standing in the wheat field is african.  The inference is that the person standing in the corn field is african.
it is entailment to say a person standing in a wheat field.  Premise is an african person standing in a wheat field. It is entailment to say a person standing in a wheat field because it is
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the wheat field.  Now, if we want to say that the person is a boss, we can say that the person is standing in
it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a wet golden retriever is in a lake because it is raining because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a wet golden retriever is
whales are mammals. Premise is a whale is in the lake. Premise is a whale is not in the lake. Premise is a whale is not in the lake. Premise is a whale is not in the lake
it is not a statement about the retriever. It is a statement about the ball.  Now, let's say we have a statement about the retriever. It is a statement
it is not a statement about the clinic itself. It is a statement about the people protesting.  Premise is many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building. It is neutral to say
people sit and stand together by a building.  Premise is many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building. It is entailment to say people sit and stand together by a building
they are sitting.  The inference is that people are throwing rocks at each other because they are sitting.  The inference is that people are throwing rocks at each other because they are sitting.  The
blue is not a color of sunglasses.  The inference is that the man is carrying two cameras because he is wearing red sunglasses.  The inference is that the man is wearing red sunglasses because he is carrying two cameras.
he is carrying two cameras. It is also neutral to say the man likes taking pictures because he is wearing red sunglasses.  Premise is a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras. It is neutral to say the man likes taking
he is wearing red sunglasses. Premise is a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras. It is entailment to say the man has two cameras because he is wearing red sunglasses. Premise is a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying
they are women. Premise is two women walk because they are women. Premise is two women walk because they are women. Premise is two women walk because
she is wearing a hat. It is also contradiction to say a woman wears a hat because she takes a bath.  The inference is that the woman who
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the context.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not
he was sitting on the tailgate of a pickup truck.  Premise is a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and
it is entailment to say a man is sitting on a truck. Premise is entailment to say a man is sitting on a
he is sitting on the tailgate of a pickup truck.  The inference engine is trained on a corpus of sentences that contain the word "s
it is not known whether he is a man or a woman. It is also neutral to say a man is in the city because it is not known whether he is a man or a woman. It is also neutral to say a man is
it is entailment to say a man is walking. Premise is a man walks by a building at night. It is entailment to say a man is walking because it is entailment to say a man is walking. Premise is a
it is night.  The inference is that the man is sitting in the sun.  The inference is based on the premises. Premise is a man walks by a building at night. Premise is it is contradiction to
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a person was sitting on the edge of a rock cliff. It is a fact that a person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff. It is
it is entailment to say a person is sitting on a rock cliff. Premise is a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff. It is entailment to say a person is sitting on a rock
a person is not sitting on the road.  The inference is that the person is sitting on the edge of the cliff.  The inference is that the person is sitting on the edge of the cliff.
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping because it
a man is not alone looking at postcards.  The inference is that the man is alone looking at postcards.  The inference is that the man is alone looking at
they are looking at postcards. Premise is a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards. It is entailment
he is hiding his face.  The inference is that the man is waiting for the bus to pick him up.  The inference is that the man is driving himself
he is hiding his face. It is also neutral to say the man doesn't want to be seen because he is waiting for the bus.  Now let's
he is waiting for the bus. It is also neutral to say the man is going somewhere because he is hiding his face.  Now, let's say we have a picture
he is dressed in a light blue shirt.  The inference is that the man is dressed in a light blue shirt because he is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the action.  Now
the man is dressed in a light blue shirt.  Premise is a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a
it is neutral to say two kids are working together. It is not neutral to say two kids are making a model because it is not neutral to say two kids are working together.  The inference is that the children are making
they are at a table. It is entailment to say two children are working together because they are at a table. It is entailment to say two children are working together because they are at a table. It is entail
they are not working together.  The inference is that the kids are working together because they are in a park.  The inference is that the kids are working together because they are in a park.  The inference
he is wearing rubber boots and a work apron. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the worker. It is a statement about the boots.  The same is true
it is entailment to say a man wearing work clothes and boots is working on a flotation device. Prem
it is contradictory to say a person is on a boat fishing.  Premise is a person is preparing fish to be sold at a market. It is contradiction to say a person is on a boat fishing because it
he is selling fish. Premise is a person is selling fish at a market. It is entailment to say a person is working at a market because he is preparing fish. Premise is a person is preparing
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is a person is preparing fish to be sold at a market. It is a statement about the person.
he is not eating spinach.  The inference is that the man with the afro is eating spinach.  The inference is that the man with the afro is eating spinach.  The
it is not a statement about the man's mom. It is a statement about the man himself.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man with
he is playing on the guitar.  Premise is a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar. It is entailment to say the guy with the afro is
it is not a statement about the man's character.  Now let's say we have a man wearing a striped shirt and carrying a camera. We can infer that he is well dressed and
it is entailment to say the man with the striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder. Premise is entailment to say the man with the striped shirt
a sweater is not a golf club.  The inference is that the man wearing a sweater is carrying a golf club.  The inference is that the man wearing a sweater is carrying
they are squatting at hillside sipping on a drink.  The inference is that young ladies are surfing in the ocean because they are squatting at
they are drinking and taking pictures.  The inference is that young women are outdoors because they are drinking and taking pictures.  The inference is that young women are
it is neutral to say a group of hikers stop for a break.  The same thing applies to the sentence "The man is talking pictures." It
it is not a statement about the bird. It is a statement about the pole.  Now, let's say we want to say that the bird is perched on the pole. We can say
a bird is not a pole.  Premise is a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole. It is contradiction to say a bird is sleeping on a pole line
it is standing on a line. Premise is a bird is perched on a pole line attached to a pole. Premise is entailment to say a bird is standing on a pole line because
the boy is young and the girl is young.  The inference is that the boy is not old and the girl is not old.  The inference is that the boy
they are holding hands. But it is not neutral to say they are at a funeral because they are holding hands.  The inference is that they are at a wedding because they are holding
he is holding hands with a girl. Premise is entailment to say the boy is wearing formal clothes because he is holding hands with a girl. Premise is entailment to
giraffes are not chairs.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement
it is a car. Premise is a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car. It is entailment to say a person is in a vehicle because it is a car. Premise is a
he is sleeping in a car. It is neutral to say a boy is sleeping in a car because he is homeless. It is neutral to say a boy is homeless because he is sleeping in a car. It is neutral to say
they are in front of it. Premise is two boys are in front of a machine because they are boys. Premise is two boys are in front of a machine because they are boys. Premise is two boys are in front
they are boys. But it is not neutral to say two boys are going to purchase sodas because they are going to purchase sodas. The first sentence is a statement of fact. The second sentence is a statement of inference.
it is a contradiction to say two boys are in front of the soda machine.  The inference is that the boys are in front of the soda machine.  The inference is that the boys are in front of the
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say people tan on a beach because it is a fact. It is also neutral to say people tan on a beach
they like boats.  The inference is that people like boats because they like sand.  The inference is that people like sand because they like boats.  The
it is a group of people. It is also neutral to say people sit on a boat because it is a group of people.  The inference is that people sit on
the man is walking a small pug.  The inference is that the man is walking a small pug.  The inference is that the man is walking a small pug.  The inference is that the man is
a man walks a dog. Premise is man walks a dog. It is entailment to say a man walks a dog because a man walks a small pug. Premise is man walks a dog. It is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the pug. The inference is man walking a small pug. The inference is true because the man is a mailman.  The inference is true because the man is
they are listening to the woman speak.  Premise is three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them
it is not necessary to know who is speaking. It is also neutral to say there are three people sitting on a table because it is not necessary to know who is speaking. It
they are standing on a table.  The inference is that the woman is standing on a table.  The inference is that the woman is standing on a
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a child hugs a birdhouse. It is a fact that a child hugs a birdhouse because it is a fact that a child hugs a birdhouse. It is a fact that a child
they are both natural language inference. Premise is a child hugs a birdhouse. It is entailment to say there is a child and a birdhouse because they are both natural language inference. Premise is a child hugs a bird
it hugs a birdhouse. Conclusion is a child has arms. Conclusion is true because it hugs a birdhouse. Conclusion is false because it has no arms. Conclusion is false because it hugs a birdhouse. Conclusion is true because it has arms. Conclusion
she is hugging him. Premise is entailment to say she is hugging him because she is giving him a hug. Premise is entailment to say she is giving him a hug because she is hugging him
it is not clear whether she is giving him a hug or not.  The inference is that she is giving him a hug because she is hugging him.  The inference is that she is hugging
the young lady is giving the old man a hug.  The inference is that the young lady is giving the old man a hug.  The inference is that the young lady is giving the old man
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the poses.  The inference is that the people are posing for a camera.  The inference is that the people are posing for a camera.  The inference is
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about gender roles.  The inference is that the three people are all female because they are posing for a camera.  The inference is that the three people are all female because they
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the fact that three women are shopping at the mall.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about gender. It is
it is not a statement about the person's gender.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man who was walking across
nobody has a blouse.  Premise is an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street
it is entailment to say a person is wearing a blouse. Premise is an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the concert.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is ambiguous. It could mean either "Man
he is singing.  Premise is man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. It is contradiction to say a man is walking because he is singing.  Premise is man in pl
he is wearing a plaid shirt. Premise is man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. It is entailment to say a man is singing because he is wearing a plaid shirt.
it is entailment to say a couple stands near some stairs.  Premise is a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another. It is entailment to say
they are kissing. Premise is a couple celebrates getting engaged because they are kissing. Premise is a couple celebrates getting engaged because they are kissing. Premise is a couple celebrates getting engaged because they are kissing
they are standing.  The inference is that the couple is kissing.  The inference is that the couple is kissing because they are standing.  The inference is that the couple is kissing because
they kissed. It is neutral to say a man kissed a woman. It is neutral to say a man kissed a man. It is neutral to
dogs don't wear jackets.  The inference is that the man is kissing a woman.  The inference is that the man is kissing a
he is standing on a public street.  Premise is a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing
he is watching a boy with a yellow balloon.  The inference is that the boy with the yellow balloon is the older boy.
he watches an older boy with a yellow balloon. Premise is a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the balloon.  Premise is a little boy watches from his
she is laughing.  Premise is a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table. It is contradiction to say a woman sits silently because she is laughing.  Premise is a female covering her face in laughter
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about the joke.  Premise is a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table. It is neutral to say a woman has heard a joke because
she is laughing. Premise is entailment to say a woman is laughing because she is at a dinner table. Premise is entailment to say a woman is at a dinner table because she is laughing. Prem
the mall is inside the sky.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion. The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion.  The inference engine
it is not specific to a location.  Now, let's say we want to say walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky near the beach. We can use the same natural language inference
walkers are on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky. Premise is walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky. It is entailment to say walkers under a blue sky because walkers are
he skipped rocks. Premise is entailment to say there's a young boy skipping rocks because he has rocks in hand. Premise is entailment to say there's a young boy skipping rocks because he has rocks in hand
the boy is skipping rocks.  The inference is that the area around the boy is not completely dry.  The inference is that the area around the boy is not completely dry.  The inference is that the area around
there is no reason to believe that there is not a rock skipping down a pond.  Premise is a young african boy skipping rocks. It is neutral to say there is a rock currently skipping down a pond because there
the dog is hiding.  Premise is a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore. It is contradiction to say the dog is at home with his owner because the dog is hiding.
it is a neutral statement. It is also neutral to say the dog hates to be here because it is a neutral statement. The dog loves to be here is a positive statement. The dog hates to be here is a
it is in the tall grasses. Premise is entailment to say the dog is outdoors because it is in the tall grasses. Premise is entailment to say the dog is outdoors because it is in the tall
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man's job.  Premise is a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety
he is working at a machine. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a coat because he is working at a machine. Premise is
he is wearing a lab coat.  Premise is a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine
they are sitting or standing.  The inference is natural language inference. Premise is while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing. It is entailment to say two students
it is contradictory to say a class of completely standing students.  The inference is that the students are jumping.  The inference is that the students are jumping.  The inference is that the students
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion.  Premise is while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing. It is neutral to say two students disrupting class because it is not
the woman in the photo is clearly a woman.  The inference is that the woman in the photo
the woman in the black coat is standing in front of the woman in the gray dress. Prem
they are both women.  The inference is that the woman
it is neutral to say a woman is working out on the beach. It is not neutral to say a woman is working out on the sand because it is not neutral to say a woman is working out on the beach.  The same
there is a person jogging by the shore. Premise is a woman runs on the beach. It is entailment to say there is a person jogging by the shore because there is a person jogging by the shore.
she is a woman.  The inference is that the old lady spends a good time relaxing on the lounge because she is a woman.  The inference is that the old lady spends a good time relaxing on the lounge
it is not a statement about him. It is a statement about the archery range.  Now, let's say we want to say that the businessman is walking near the archery range because he is a businessman.
there are two arrows pointing to him. Premise is businessman walking as two arrows point to him. It is entailment to say there is a businessman is walking because there are two arrows pointing to him. Premise is businessman walking as
he is wearing a sweatsuit.  The inference is that the guy is jogging in a sweatsuit.  The inference is that the guy is jogging in a sweatsuit.  The inference is that
there are people inside.  Premise is a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog. It is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people inside.  Premise
it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about the woman and the man.  The inference is that the woman is passing the man because she is walking the dog. The inference is not
the dog is sleeping on the bed. The inference is that the woman is sleeping on the bed.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping on the bed.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the basketball game.  The inference is that the woman is
she is wearing a basketball uniform is preparing to shoot a free throw. Premise is entailment to say a woman in a white and red basketball uniform
the woman in white and red is a basketball player and the woman in yellow and white is
they are playing a game. It is also neutral to say the man and the young girl are having fun because they are playing a game together.  The inference is that the man and the young girl are having fun because
the moon is not a person.  The inference is that the man and young girl are talking to the moon.  The inference is that the man and young girl are talking to the moon.  The
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the game's context.  Premise is man playing a game with a young girl. It is neutral to say the man and young girl
it is not gendered. It is neutral to say a man and a woman are playing together because it is not gendered. It is neutral to say a man and a woman are playing together because it is
baseball is a variation of wiffle ball. It is entailment to say people are playing baseball because they are playing wiffle ball. It is entailment to say people are playing baseball because they are
basketball is a sport played by men. Therefore, the conclusion is that the two men are playing wiffle ball.  The inference is that the two men are playing wiffle ball because basketball is a sport played
it is not gender specific. But if you say a man and a woman playing badminton, it is gender specific. So, we can say a man and a woman playing badminton. But we cannot say a man and
it is not possible to play badminton outside.  Premise is two people playing badminton. It is contradiction to say two people playing basketball outside because it is not possible to play badminton outside.  Premise is two
they are playing badminton. Premise is two people playing badminton. It is entailment to say two people holding rackets because they are playing badminton. Premise is two people holding rackets because they are playing badm
football players don't wear ballerina attire.  Premise is two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. It is contradiction to say two football players are talking because football players don't
they are wearing ballerina attire. Premise is two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. It is entailment to say two ballerina are talking because they are wearing ball
they are wearing ballerina attire. Premise is two women are talking because they are wearing ballerina attire. Premise is two women are talking because they are wearing ballerina attire. Premise is two
he is holding up a sign. But it is not neutral to say a man is working because he is holding up a sign. The first sentence is neutral, the second sentence is not.  The same thing applies to the sentence "The man is
he is holding up a sign.  The inference is that the man is not sleeping.  The inference is that the man is not sleeping because he is holding up a sign.  The inference is that the man is not sleeping because he
he is old. Premise is an old man holds up a sign. It is entailment to say a man is holding a sign because he is holding a sign. Premise is an old man holds up a sign. It is entail
they are bicyclers.  The inference is not only true but also necessary. It is necessary because it is true. It is necessary because it is true because it is true. It is necessary because it is true because it
it is not a statement about the bicyclists. It is a statement about the people carrying their bikes at night.  The inference is that the bicyclists are carrying their bikes at night. The inference is not that
they are carrying their bikes uphill.  The inference is that bikers racing downhill are carrying their bikes uphill.  The inference is that bikers racing downhill are carrying their bikes uphill.  The inference is that b
he is wearing a purple suit.  The inference is that the performer is a man in a purple suit.  The inference is
he is wearing a black costume and is displaying his skill by swinging fire in arcs.  Premise is a bearded black
it is not a statement about the women.  The inference is that the cart of water is for children because the women are standing and walking
it is in front of two women who are standing and two women who are walking down the street.  The inference is that the cart of
the women are standing and walking down the street.  The inference is that the cart is full of water.  The inference is that the
it is a fact that they are using metal rods.  Premise is several men in black t-shirts and caps are using
they are smashing it with rods. It is not neutral to say men dont like their lunch because they are smashing it with rods because it
it is a bird.  The inference is that the men in black t-shirts and caps are smashing food because it is lying on a
he is a man. It is entailment to say he is airborne because he is a man. It is entailment to say he is on a bike because he is a man. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the action. The action is a trick. The trick is a trick. The trick is a trick. The trick is a trick. The
he was wearing a helmet.  The inference is that the man fell off his bike because he was wearing a helmet.  The inference is that the man fell off his bike because he was wearing a helmet.
they are riding them down a road. It is entailment to say people are riding their bikes down a road because they are riding them down a road. It is entailment to say people are riding their bikes down a road because they are riding them
it is true. It is also true that people are riding their bikes down a road. It is also true that people are having fun. Therefore, people are riding their bikes down a road.  This is a simple example of a natural language
it is a contradiction to say no one is riding a bike.  The inference is that people are riding their bikes down a road.  The inference is that people are riding their bikes down a road.  The inference is
he is not in the building. The inference is that the man is in the building.  The inference is that the man is in the building.  The inference is that the man is in the
it is a neutral statement. The inference is that the man admires the building because it is old and gothic.  The inference is not that the man admires the building because it is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the man walks past the arch. The inference is that the man walks past the arch because he is old.  The inference is not a fact. It is
it is neutral to say two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses.  The inference is that the two women are police officers. The inference is that the two
it is not a statement about the protest. It is a statement about the women.  The same is true of the statement "The police are beating
they are police.  Premise is two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie. It
they are playing volleyball.  The inference is that women are playing volleyball near the ocean.  The inference is that women are cooking dinner because they are playing volleyball.  The inference is that women are cooking dinner because they are playing volleyball
women are not playing volleyball.  The inference is that women are playing volleyball near the ocean.  The inference is that women are talking on the beach.  The inference is that women are playing volleyball near the ocean.
they are near the ocean. It is entailment to say women playing a sport because they are near the ocean because they are playing volleyball. It is entailment to say women playing volleyball because they are near the ocean because they are playing volleyball
there are two kids outside in a field. It is entailment to say there are two kids because there are two kids outside in a field. It is entailment to say there are
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the goat.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the kids are playing
the dog is not outside.  The inference is that the kids are flying a kite.  The inference is that the kids are flying a kite.  The
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bus. The inference is that the man is older than the bus.
the man is gray-haired.  The inference is that the man is gray-haired because he rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman.
he is interested in ironman.  The inference is that the older man is interested in ironman. Premise
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the women themselves.  Now, let's say the women are looking at a table with
they are women. Premise is two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing. It is entailment to say two
they are women. It is neutral to say the women are hot because they are hot women. It is neutral to say the women are hot because they are hot women who are looking at
it is not a contradiction to say a man juggling balls.  Premise is a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark. It is contradiction to say a man juggling balls because it is not a contradiction to say a man juggling
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the act.  Now, let's say we have a man juggling a flaming staff in the dark. We can infer that he is juggling a
a man juggling is a man juggling. Premise is entailment to say a man juggling because a man juggling is a man juggling. Premise is entailment to say a man juggling because a man juggling is a man juggling. Premise
he is in a field with dogs. It is also neutral to say the man enjoys dogs because he is in a field with brown dogs. It is also neutral to say the man enjoys dogs because he is
the man is not in the field. The inference is that the man is in the field.  The inference is based on the assumption that the man is in the field. The inference is not
he is in a field. Premise is entailment to say a man is playing with dogs because he throws a stick for them. Premise is entailment to say a man is throwing
the opposing team is watching the ball go in.  Premise is a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the player who scored the goal.  Premise is a
he scored a goal. Premise is entailment to say a soccer player scored a goal because he scored a goal. Premise is entailment to say a soccer player
the woman is not a man.  The inference is that the woman is a man.  The inference is that the woman is a man.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say a man wears a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums.  Premise is a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the concert.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not a statement about
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the beer.  The inference is that the woman is enjoying a beer.  The inference is that the woman
she is not sitting.  The inference is that the woman is sitting.  The inference is based on the premise that the woman is wearing a straw hat.  The
she is wearing a straw hat.  The inference is that she is sitting near food because she is wearing a straw hat.  The inference is that she is sitting near food
she is sitting.  The inference is that the lady is sitting.  The inference is that the lady is sitting because she is holding a cup.  The inference is that the
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the lady is holding a cup of tea. We can
there is a lady sitting in front of a table. Premise is an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.
it is a woman taping a note to a board.  The inference is that the woman taping a note to a board is a woman taping a note to a board.  The inference is
it is not gender specific. However, it is gender specific to say a woman taped a job notice on a bulletin board because it is gender specific.  The same is true for gender specific pronouns.
it is entailment to say a woman taped something to a board. Premise is entailment to say a woman taped something to a board because it is entailment to say a woman taped something to a board.
it is not a statement about the king. It is a statement about the drums.  Now, let's say we want to say that the king sits behind the drums because he is a king. We can do this by saying
she is not a man.  The inference is that the queen of england sits behind the drums because she is a woman.  The inference is that the queen of england sits behind the drums because she
he sits on his throne behind the drums. Premise is entailment to say a man sits on his throne behind the drums because he sits on his throne behind the drums. Premise is entailment to say a man sits on
he is a boy. It is neutral to say a boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store because he is a boy. It is neutral to say a boy is choosing
it is a contradiction to say a child is chasing a rabbit in the yard.  The child is chasing a rabbit in the yard.  Premise is a toddler is intrigued by a toy
he saw it in a bookstore. Premise is a kid is interested in a toy because he saw it in a bookstore. Premise is a kid is interested in a toy because he saw it in a
it is already on earth.  Premise is a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd. It is contradiction to say a hot air balloon is crashing down to earth because it is
it is already in the sky.  Premise is a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd. It is contradiction to say a hot air balloon is rising in to the sky
it is in a field among a crowd. Premise is a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd. It is entailment to say a hot air balloon is making a landing because it
it is not a statement about race. However, if you say a white mother holding her baby girl, it is a statement about race.  Now, if you say a white mother holding her baby girl, it is a statement about
a father cannot hold a ball.  The inference is that the mother holds the baby.  The inference is that the mother holds the baby.  The inference is that the mother holds the baby.  The inference is that the mother
they are a mother.  Premise is a mother holds her newborn baby. It is entailment to say a person holding a child because they are a mother. Premise is a mother holds her newborn baby. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the car.  The child is chasing the car because it is red.  The car is red because it is a car.
he is wearing a red shirt. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outdoors because he is wearing a red shirt. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outdoors because he is wearing a red shirt.
he is not running.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the statement. The inference engine is trained by feeding it sentences that contain the truth of the statement. The inference engine is
he is wearing a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries.  The inference is that the woman is a woman because she exits trader joe's with a cart
it is not a statement about the woman in the coat. It is a statement about the woman in the coat's family.  The inference is that the woman in the coat
it is entailment to say a woman exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries. Premise is entailment to say a woman exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries
she is a woman. It is not neutral to say a woman is leaving trader joe's with a full shopping cart of things she just
it is a contradiction to say a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from trader joe's.  The inference is that the woman is a woman and the man is
it is entailment to say a woman is walking away from trader joe's with a full shopping cart.  Premise is a woman is
it is entailment to say a worker searches a building. Premise is entailment to say a worker searches a building because it is entailment to say a worker searches a building. Premise is entail
he is hungry.  Premise is a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building. It is contradiction to say a survivor searches for a meal because he is hungry.
it is not a rescue worker. It is also neutral to say a rescue worker searches for survivors because it is a rescue worker.  Now, let's say the rescue worker finds survivors. It is neutral
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the situation.  The fireman is searching for survivors because there are survivors.  The fireman is searching for survivors because there are survivors and he
it is inferred that the fireman is searching for something in that area. Premise is inferred from the antecedent. Premise is inferred from antecedent. Premise is inferred from antecedent. Premise
he is searching for something. Premise is entailment to say a fireman is in the dark because he is searching for something. Premise is entailment to say a fireman is in the dark because he is searching
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a fireman with a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight. It is a fact that a fire
it is entailment to say a fireman with a neon helmet looks at some debris. Premise is a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspect
he is a fireman.  The inference is that the fireman is a fireman because he is at his station.  The inference is that the fireman is at
they are both wearing uniforms.  Premise is a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing
it is not specific to any particular man. It is also neutral to say a man in a police uniform is talking to a man
the man in the swimsuit is not a man.  The inference is that the man in the swimsuit is a woman
he has no arms. It is neutral to say the man has arms because he has arms. It is neutral to say the man has arms because he has a stick. It is neutral to say the man has a stick because
he is poking it up towards the ceiling. Premise is there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling. It is entailment to say the man is holding a stick because he is poking it up
it is a spider. It is neutral to say the man is killing a spider because it is a spider because it is a spider. It is neutral to say the man is killing a spider because it is a spider because
he is sitting at a table.  The inference is that the man is outside because he is sitting at a table.  The inference is that the man is outside because he is sitting at a table.  The inference is
it is raining. It is also neutral to say the man is being served food under an umbrella because it is sunny. The inference is that the man is being served food under an umbrella because it is raining.
the man is sitting outside.  The inference is that the man is outside the restaurant.  The inference is that the man is outside the restaurant.  The inference is that the man is outside the restaurant
they are waving flags.  The inference is that children are waving flags in support of the soldier.  The inference is that children are waving flags in support of the soldier.  The inference is that children are waving flags
it is not a statement about the soldiers. It is a statement about the children.  The inference is that children are welcoming home soldiers because they are waving american flags.  The inference is that children are welcoming home soldiers because
they are patriotic. It is entailment to say children are waving flags because they are patriotic because they are waving flags. It is entailment to say children are waving flags because they are patriotic because they are waving flags. It is entailment
the road is paved.  The inference is that the man in the helmet is driving a go kart numbered 65
he is wearing a helmet and protective gear is driving a go kart.  Premise is a man in
it is not a statement about the man, the go kart, or the road. It is a
the child is sitting on the man's shoulders. Premise is a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head. It
it is contradictory to say a small child is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.  The inference is that the child is sitting on the man's shoulders and
it is not a statement about the child's state of mind. It is a statement about the man's state of mind.  Premise is a small child in a red jacket
it is not a statement about the relationship between the grandparents and the children. It is a statement about the relationship between the grandparents and the water.
it is entailment to say that the elder man and woman are playing in the water. It is entailment to say that the elder man and woman
the kids are not in the water.  The inference is that the kids are not in the water because they are sliding down
he is standing on one foot.  Premise is a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball. It is contradiction to say a young man is
it is neutral to say a child is standing. It is not neutral to say a child is standing on one foot because it is not neutral to say a child is standing.  Premise is
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the bowling shoes.  The inference is that the person is young and wearing bowling shoes.  The
she is zaftig. Premise is entailment to say a woman is zaftig because she is dancing. Premise is entailment to say a woman is dancing because she is
she is dancing outdoors.  The inference is that she is reading a book outdoors.  The inference is that she is reading a book outdoors.  The
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the guitar playing.  The same is true of the following sentences:  Premise is
he is crying.  The inference is that the cartoon character is upset because he is crying.  The inference is that the cartoon character is upset
they are sleeping.  Premise is several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongeb
it's not a statement about the characters themselves. It's a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the characters are behind the girl because
ducks are eating bread.  The inference is that people are waiting to cross the street on the side of the sidewalk.  The inference is that people are waiting to cross the street on the side of the sidewalk.
it is not a statement about the parade. It is a statement about the people crossing the street.  The inference is that people are crossing the street during the parade.  The inference is that people
they are on the side of the sidewalk. It is entailment to say people are waiting to cross the street because they are on the side of the sidewalk because they are waiting to cross the street. It is
she is waiting for her parents. It is neutral to say a little girl is waiting for her parents because she is waiting for her parents. It is neutral to say a little girl is waiting for her parents because she is waiting for
little girl blows bubbles.  Premise is little girl blows bubbles in a public square. It is contradiction to say little boy blows spit at people who walk by because little girl blows bubbles.  Premise is little
she is in a public square. Premise is little girl blows bubbles in a public square. It is entailment to say little girls blows bubbles because she is in a public square. Premise is little girl blows bubbles in a public square.
he is looking at the camera.  The inference is that the older gentleman is building a birdhouse.  The inference is that the older gentleman is building a
it is entailment to say a human looks at the camera while building something.  Premise is an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck. It is entailment
it is entailment to say an older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in
the boy is sitting on a chair.  The inference is that the boy is sitting on a chair.  The inference is that the boy is sitting on
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the location.  The inference is that the young man is waiting for his friend to arrive
it doesn't say anything about the guy. But it is also neutral to say a guy is relaxing outside because it is a fact that he is relaxing outside. So we can infer that he
they are not from the area.  The inference is that the people are tourists because they are not from the area.  The inference is that the people are tourists because they are not from the area.
the sign says "science".  The inference is that the people are taking a science test because the sign says "science".  The inference is that the people are taking a science test because the sign
they are posing for picture. Premise is group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign. It is entailment to say the people are near a sign because they are posing for picture.
they are shirtless. Premise is two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves. It is entailment to say two men without shirts are jumping in
it is not sleeping in a home.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value of a statement from the context of the statement. The inference engine is trained to recognize
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the action.  Premise is two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance
it is neutral to say an abadoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley.  Now, we can say that the boy
it is entailment to say a boy played with a motorized car. Premise is a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with
there are no boys outside in the streets playing.  Premise is a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars. It is contradiction to
the child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.  The child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.  Premise is the child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.  Premise is
it is winter. Premise is the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat. It is entailment to say the small child is dressed for winter because it is winter. Premise is the small child is wearing
it is winter. It is also neutral to say the small child is dressed in a parka because it is cold. It is also neutral to say the small child is dressed in a parka because it is sunny
it is entailment to say a dog runs with a stick in his mouth. Premise is a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its
it is a neutral statement. But it is not neutral to say a dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth because it is a negative statement.
a dog does not bark at the wall.  The inference is that the dog barks at the wall.  The inference is that the dog barks at the wall.
he is jogging by water. Premise is entailment to say a man is jogging by water because he is young. Premise is entailment to say a man is young because he is white.
it is neutral to say a man runs along a path. But it is not neutral to say a young white man runs along a path because it is not neutral to say a young white man runs along a path.
he is running.  Premise is a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water. It is contradiction to say a man walks to the store because he is running.  Premise
there is a girl with water wings. Premise is entailment to say there are people in a pool because there is a girl with water wings. Premise is entailment to say there are people in a pool because
she is jumping to her father in the pool. It is not neutral to say the girl is jumping to her father in the pool because she is jumping to her father in the pool.  Premise
there is a lot of people on a train.  Premise is a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool. It is contradiction to say there is a a lot of people on a
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the friends.  Premise is a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard. It is neutral to say a boy is
she is not a boy.  The inference is that the boy is jumping his skateboard.  The inference is that the girl is picking up her skateboard.  The inference is that the boy is
he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment to say a boy is jumping his skateboard because he is wearing a helmet. Premise is entailment to say a boy is jumping his skateboard because he is
it is a neutral statement. However, it is not neutral to say the people are enjoying a meal because they are eating. The latter statement is a natural language inference.  Natural language inference is a process of inferring
the people are sitting around the table.  The inference is that the people are sitting around the table.  The inference is that the people are dancing around the room in a conga
it is not clear whether they are discussing the project or discussing the next meal.  The inference is that the group is discussing the next project for work because the context is a group of people sitting around a
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground. It is neutral to say a woman is trying to
she is walking her dog. Premise is entailment to say a woman is walking her dog because she is outside. Premise is entailment to say a woman is outside because she is walking her dog. Premise
cats are not dogs.  Premise is a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground. It is contradiction to say a woman and her cat are laying by the fireplace because cats are not dogs.
they are both wearing green jackets.  The inference is that the two men are old friends because they are both wearing green jackets.
they are both middle-aged men.  The inference is that the green jacket man is talking to the blue tee-shirt man.  The inference
it is entailment to say older man in green jacket is talking to another man.  The inference is natural because it is a
the man in the blue shirt is angry.  Premise is a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in
the man in blue shirt is not the man in green jacket.  The inference is that the man in blue shirt is the man in green
the fist is raised.  Premise is a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the tournament.  Now, let's say we have a statement about the woman. She is skiing down a snowy hill. This is a statement
skiing down a grassy hill is not skiing down a snowy hill.  So, we have to infer that this woman is skiing down a snowy hill.  Now, we can use a natural language inference engine to
she is skiing down it. Premise is this woman is skiing down a snowy hill. It is entailment to say this woman is on a hill because she is skiing down it. Premise is this woman is skiing down a snowy
the woman is sitting on a bench with a book on her lap.  The inference is that the woman is a mother.  The inference
it doesn't imply anything about the mother.  Premise is a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and
an adult cannot be on a rollercoaster.  The inference is that the lady is an adult and the boy and girl are children.
the person blew a whistle and wore white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat. Premise is entailment to say a person in face paint because
it is not a statement about the person wearing the face paint. It is a statement about the person wearing the face paint.  Premise is a teenager blows
the teenager has face paint. Premise is a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches. It is
the pavilion is not open.  The inference is that the group is riding down the cyclone.
it is neutral to say a group of people enjoy a day at the local amusement park as
they are riding a roller coaster called the cyclone.  The inference is that the people are enjoying themselves at an amusement park because they are riding a roller
she is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. Premise is girl is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. It is entailment to say the girl is wearing pink color frok because she is playing electronic
she is playing electronic drums. Premise is small girl is playing electronic drums with sticks. It is entailment to say a girl is playing electronic drums because she is playing sticks. Premise is small girl is
she is not wearing a pink dress.  Premise is small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. It is contradiction to say the girl is playing cricket because she is not wearing a pink
he is wearing a white hat and blue shirt.  The inference is that the man
he is going to turn left at the green arrow.
he is biking.  Premise is a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a
the man is throwing a toy to a dog.  The inference is that the man is throwing a toy to a dog.  The inference is that the man is throwing a
they are both throwing toys.  Premise is the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park. It is entailment to say a man and a
they are both dogs. It is entailment to say a man is throwing a toy to a dog because it is a dog. It is entailment to say a man is throwing
she is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers.  Premise is the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in
she is in front of flowers.  The inference is that the woman is using an umbrella because she is in front of flowers.  The inference
she is in front of flowers.  Premise is the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch
it is red. The dog is jumping because it is happy. The dog is jumping because it is happy because it is jumping. The dog is jumping because it is happy
she is holding her hand up above the dog.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a vest and red shirt.  The inference is
she is holding her hand up above the dog. Premise is a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that
he is making an 'oh!' face.  The inference is that the boy is swimming in the bay.  The inference is that the boy is swimming in the bay.  The inference is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a child is surprised by the ships. The inference is that the child is surprised by the ships because it is a boy.  The inference is that
the child is making an 'oh!' face. Premise is entailment to say a child is at the bay because the child is making an 'oh!' face. Premise is entailment to say a
they are all wearing hats.  The inference is that the group is not fighting eachother because they are all wearing hats.
it is not clear whether they are going to buy something or not.  The inference is that they are going to buy something because the
they examine it. Premise is three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by
it is not a statement about the children's relationship. It is a statement about the blanket.  Premise is two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is
they are sitting on a blanket. It is entailment to say they are sitting on a blanket because they are together. It is entailment to say they are together because they are sitting on a
they are sitting on a blanket.  The inference is that the child sitting in the dirt is the one who is dirty.  The inference is that the child sitting in
it is not a statement about the bike itself. It is a statement about the rider.  The same is true for the sentence "
he is airborne above the trees. Premise is true because it is true that a rider is airborne above the trees. Premise is true because it is true that a rider is airborne above
the man is not sitting on his bicycle.  The inference is that the man is on his motorcycle.  The inference is that the man is on his
it is entailment to say 3 people on a boat.  Premise is 3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera. It is entailment to say 3 smiling people on a boat because it is entailment to say
they are smiling towards the camera.  The inference is that they are smiling towards the camera because they are on a boat.  The inference is that they are on a boat because they are smiling towards the camera.
lions are not attacking people.  The inference is that the 3 people are smiling towards the camera.  The inference is that the 3 people are smiling towards the camera.  The inference is that the 3 people
they are standing in front of a mcdonald's. It is also neutral to say the people are hungry because they are standing in front of a mcdonald's. It is also neutral to say the people are standing in
they are playing basketball.  The inference is that the crowd is playing basketball because they are playing hockey.  The inference is that the crowd is playing basketball because they are playing hockey.  The inference
there is a crowd outside the restaurant.  Premise is a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's. It is entailment to say there is a crowd outside the
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say a child enjoys summer vacation because it is a fact. However, it is not neutral to say a child enjoys summer
it is not a dog.  The inference is that the child is a child of the man and the small boy. The inference is that the child is a
he is wearing clothes.  The inference is that the man is wearing clothes.  The inference is that the man is wearing clothes.  The inference is that the man is wearing clothes.
he is young and black. Premise is entailment to say a man is smiling because he is seated behind a drum set and smiling. Premise is entailment to say a man is smiling because he
he is doing something. The man is an agent because he is playing the drums. The man is playing the drums because he is smiling. The man is smiling because he is happy. The man is happy
it is true. The man has performed this trick before because he has performed this trick before. The man has performed this trick before because he
it is contradictory to say the guy has 8 legs.  The inference is that the guy has 8 legs.  The inference is that
he is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.
timmy is not a corpse.  The inference is that timmy is not a corpse because he is not staring at the remains of jim
they are wearing a helmet.  Premise is this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day. It is
it is not a statement about the weather. It is a statement about the season.  Now let's say we have a statement about the weather. It is a statement about the weather
the person is running. The inference is that the person is running.  The inference is that the person is running because the person is running.  The inference is that the person is running because the person is
he is wearing a striped blue shirt and pants. Premise is a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along. It is entailment to say the person is running because he is wearing a
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the person's age. Premise is a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along. It is neutral to say the person
he is sculpting a gargoyle.  The inference is that the man is sculpting a gargoyle.  The inference is that the man is sculpting a gargoyle.  The inference is that the man
he is adding color to his sculpture. It is not neutral to say the man is adding color to his sculpture because he is adding color to his sculpture.  The second sentence is a natural language inference.
he is sculpting a gargoyle. Premise is entailment to say the man is working on art because he is sculpting a gargoyle. Premise is entailment to say the man is working on art because he
it is impossible.  The inference is that the man sitting and woman kissing each other is a contradiction.  The inference is that the man sitting and woman punching him the face is a contradiction
they are kissing each other.  Premise is a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other. It is entailment to say a man sitting and woman laying in his
they are kissing each other. It is neutral to say a couple are preparing to be intimate because they are kissing each other and the man is sitting. It is neutral to say a couple are preparing to be intimate
he is performing auto repair. Premise is entailment to say the man is performing auto repair because he is fixing a car. Premise is entailment to say the man is fixing a car because he is performing auto repair
he is performing auto repair.  The inference is that the man is performing auto repair in front of the building.  The inference is that the man is swimming in a pool because he is performing auto repair.
he is performing auto repair. It is not neutral to say the man is a mechanic because he is performing auto repair in front of a building.  Premise is a man performing auto repair in front of a building. It is
it is contradictory to say people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.  The conclusion is people on
they are walking through nature.  Now let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them. It is
they are hungry. It is not neutral to say people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks
a man cannot hold a snowboard. Premise is a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean. It is contradiction to say a man is holding a snowboard because a man cannot hold a snowboard. Premise
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the beach.  The inference is that the man is holding a surfboard because he is on the beach.  The
he is facing the ocean. Premise is entailment to say a man is facing the ocean because he is holding a surfboard. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding a surfboard because he is
the moon is not a water scene.  The inference is that there is a water scene with a full moon in the back.  The inference is that there is a water scene with a full
they are the only ones who are not in the sunset.  Premise is a water scene with a sunset in the background. It is neutral to say there is a young couple at the water scene because they are
the water scene is a subset of the sunset scene. Premise is entailment to say there is a water scene with the sunset in the back because the sunset scene is a subset of the water scene.
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air. It is
he is performing a trick on a bike. It is entailment to say a man is performing a trick on a bike because he is performing a trick on a motorcycle. It is entailment to
she is not performing a trick on a motorcycle.  The inference is that the woman is performing a speech for her workers.  The inference is that the woman is performing a speech for her
he is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wake
it is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. It is entailment to say a person with a wakeboard because it is a wakeboarder. Premise is a wakeboarder. It is entailment to say a person
it is a neutral statement. However, if you say a wakeboarder rides on a wakeboard along the beach, it is a positive statement.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a wakeboard
they are both blond and wearing pearl bracelets. Premise is entailment to say two people are going to kiss because they are both blond and wearing pearl bracelets. Premise is entail
they are both wearing white shirts. It is neutral to say a man and woman are kissing because they are both wearing pearl bracelets. It is neutral to say a man and woman are
it is impossible to have two men kissing.  The inference is that the blond woman is about to kiss the man wearing a white shirt.  The inference is that the blond woman is about to
they are not selling fish.  Premise is two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale
it is neutral to say a man sells fish from a stall in the fish market. The man sells fish from a stall in the fish market. The man
they are at a market. Premise is two men work at a market because they are at a market. Premise is two men work at a market because they are at
it is not a statement about the teen's identity. However, if the teen is wearing a red shirt and a hat, then
there is a skateboard. Premise is entailment to say there is a person wearing a green shirt and a hat because there is
a leprechaun is not a skateboarder.  Premise is a young man wearing a green shirt and a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the students.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is watching students doing exercises on basketball court. We can
asian man is watching students doing exercised on court. Premise is entailment to say people excercise on court because asian man is watching students doing exercised on court. Premise
he is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.  The inference is that man sleeps in bed because he is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.  The inference is that man sleeps in bed
there are four men wearing orange vests.  The inference is that there are four men wearing orange vests.  The inference is that there are four men wearing orange vests.  The inference
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the steel beam.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is "The steel beam is being put
humans are wearing orange vests.  Premise is four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground. It is entailment to say humans in orange because humans are wearing orange v
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the children.  Premise is a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a
she is a woman. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise
it is contradictory to say a woman in a pink coat is standing by a table full of children.  Premise is a woman in a fur lined
he is walking away from them.  Premise is a statement about the world. It is entailment to say that the batsman is on a
they are celebrating.  The inference is that the baseball players threw soccer balls at the batsman.  The inference is that the baseball players threw soccer balls at the batsman
it is not a statement about the pitcher. It is a statement about the batter.  The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away. It is
he is a doctor. Premise is the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up
he is holding up his camera.  Premise is the blond young man who had been splattered with
he is splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green.  Premise is the blond young man who had
he is walking the sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the sidewalk.  Now, let's
he is not wearing a guitar.  The inference is that the man is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the game.  Now, let's say we want to say that the girls are playing hopscot
it is entailment to say two girls playing a game. Premise is two girls playing a game because it is entailment to say two girls playing a game. Premise is two
it is contradiction to say two girls with long brunette hair playing a game.  Premise is two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of
it is entailment to say a group of asians record a video because it is entailment to say a group of asians record a video because it is entailment to say a group of asians record a video because it
it is not a statement about the group of asians. It is a statement about the recording of multiple videos.  The same applies to the statement "a group of asians record multiple videos". It is not a statement about
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say a woman is kneeling next to a grazing llama because it is a fact.
she is kneeling next to a grazing llama. Premise is entailment to say a woman holds a little girl because she
a woman talks to another.  The inference is that the man is kneeling next to the woman. The inference is that the woman
there are people outdoors. It is entailment to say there are people outdoors because there are animals outdoors. It is entailment to say there are animals outdoors because there are people outdoors. It is entailment to say there are people outdoors because
they are mammals. It is also neutral to say some mammals want to live and some don't want them to because they are mammals. It is also neutral to say some mammals want to live and some
they are outside.  The inference is that the dog is indoors because it is outside.  The inference is that the dog is outside because it is indoors.  The inference is that the dog is indoors because it is outside
it is a neutral statement. However, if we say a little girl in a purple shirt is ready to run in the woods, it is a negative statement because
she is wearing a purple shirt and a pink hair band. Premise is entailment to say a little girl is standing outside because she is wearing a purple shirt and a pink hair band. Prem
she is outside. Premise is a contradiction because it is a contradiction. Premise is a contradiction because it is a contradiction. Premise is a contradiction because it is a contradiction. Prem
he is wearing a white shirt and baseball hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is pushing a cart because he is wearing a white shirt and baseball hat. Premise is
it is not a statement about the man in the white shirt and baseball hat. It is a statement about the homeless man.  The inference is that the homeless man is
it is not possible for a man to carry a bunch of kittens.  The inference is that the man is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street.
it is neutral to say the father and son are painting the sign. The inference is that the father and son are repairing the sign.  The inference is that the father and son are repairing the sign.  The inference
they are painting a post.  Premise is a man and a child painting a post. It is contradiction to say the two men are fighting because they are painting a post.  Premise is a man and a child painting a
they are painting it. Premise is a man and a child painting a post. It is entailment to say the boy and his father making the post look better because they are painting it. Premise is a
it is not a conclusion. Premise is white dog high jumping over some pillows. It is not neutral to say the dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat because it is a
it is white. Premise is white dog jumping over some pillows. It is entailment to say the dog is jumping over pillows because it is high. Premise is white dog jumping over some pillows. It is
it is high jumping over pillows.  The inference is that the dog is laying down on the bed.  The inference is that the dog is laying down on the bed.  The inference is that the dog
she is wearing blue jeans and a brown shirt.  Premise is a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second
the lady is speaking on her cellphone.  The inference is that the men are headed to the mall.  The inference is that the men are headed to the
she is speaking on her cellphone. It is also neutral to say she is speaking on her cellphone because she is shopping.  Now, let's say that the lady is speaking
he is playing the guitar. Premise is a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar. It is entailment to say a man is wearing a mask because
she is a woman.  The inference is that the man is a man and the woman is a woman.  The inference is that the man is a man and the woman is a woman
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the mask.  Premise is a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar
they are awake.  The inference is that the people are sleeping because they are awake.  The inference is that the people are sleeping because they are awake.  The inference is that
they are musicians. But it is not neutral to say some people perform at a concert because they are musicians and some people perform at a concert because they are musicians and some people perform at a
there are people playing music. Premise is in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back. It is entailment to say there are people making
it is a dog. Premise is entailment to say the dog is going to catch a frisbee because it is going to jump. Premise is entailment to say the dog is going
it is a dog.  The inference engine is going to infer that the dog is going to catch a frisbee.  The inference engine is going to infer that the dog is going to catch a
it is outside. It is also neutral to say the dog is outside because it is jumping to catch a frisbee.  Premise is a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee. It is neutral to say
she is playing the drums.  The inference is that the woman is yelling at the crowd.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the woman's beliefs.  Now let's say we have a sentence that is ambiguous. It could be interpreted
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a
there are people at a lacrosse game. It is entailment to say there are people in uniform at a lacrosse type game because there are people in uniform at a lacrosse type game. It is entail
they are not in uniform.  The inference is that the people in uniform are lacrosse players. The inference is not that the people in suits are lacrosse players.  The inference is that the
they are walking their dog.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth value of a sentence. It is a program that can infer the truth value of a sentence.  The inference engine is a program that
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the dog. The dog is neutral to say the couple is walking their dog to the park because it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about the
it is a dog. Premise is a dog is going for a walk because it is a dog. Premise is a dog is going for a walk because it is a dog. Premise is a dog is going for a walk because it
there are only two women and a little girl.  The inference is that the women are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees
it is entailment to say 2 women are resting. It is entailment to say 2 women are resting because it is entailment to say 1 woman is resting. It
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the child's gender.  Now let's say we want to say that the child is a boy. We can say that
it is entailment to say a child is walking. Premise is a child is walking on a road because it is entailment to say a child is walking. Premise is a
it is not a natural language inference.  The inference is a natural language inference because it is a contradiction.  The inference is a natural language inference because it is a contradiction.
she looks surprised. Premise is entailment to say something happened that just surprised a woman because she looks surprised. Premise is entailment to say something happened that just surprised a woman because she looks surprised. Premise is entailment to say something
she is surprised. But it is not neutral to say the woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily because she is angry.  The same goes for the word "man". It is neutral to say the man looks angry. But it is not neutral
she was surprised. It is not neutral to say a woman looks surprised because she just dropped to one knee and proposed because she was surprised.  The first sentence is neutral because it is not about the woman. The second
he was building on top of it.  Premise is man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building. It is contradiction to say the man tore down the shed because he was building on top of
he didn't know what he was doing.  Now, let's say the man was a carpenter. He would know what he was doing. He would know what he
he was almost finished. It is not neutral to say the carpenter was almost finished because he was almost finished.  The first sentence is a neutral statement. The second sentence is a positive statement.  The
it is jumping off the grassy ground. Premise is a dog is jumping off the grassy ground. It is entailment to say a dog is playing in the grass because it
it is not jumping off the grassy ground.  The inference is that the black dog is jumping off the grassy ground.  The inference is that the black dog is jumping
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the towel.  Now, let's say that the men are folding a towel because they are going to
it is a contradiction to say two women are having coffee.  The inference is that the two men are having coffee.  The inference is that the two women are having coffee.  The inference is
they are folding a towel. Premise is two men are in the living room because they are folding a towel. Premise is two men are in the living room because they are folding a towel.
the man with yellow earphones is wearing a red jacket. Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we
they are both women.  The inference is that the man with the yellow earphones is the same man as the man with the
the man with earphones in is looking out over the water.  The inference is that the man with earphones
he is wearing yellow earphones.  Now let's say we have a sentence that says "the man listening to kanye west is wearing yellow
the earphones are yellow.  The inference engine is trained on the data set and it learns to infer the truth of the statement.  The inference engine is trained on the
it is contradiction to say a woman standing next to an old dark building.  Premise is a person standing next to an old dark building. It is contradiction to say a woman running through a sunny field because it is contradiction
it is not a person standing next to a building. It is not a man standing next to a building. It is a man standing next to a building.  Premise is a person standing next to an old
it is a building. It is entailment to say a person standing near a building because it is old because it is a building. It is entailment to say a person standing near an old dark building because it is a building
it is entailment to say young people and a kid are walking in the forest.  Premise is young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day.
the old folks were not young.  The inference is that the old folks were not young.  The inference is that the old folks were not young.  The
young people are walking and a kid is walking.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is young people and a kid are walking in the forest in
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the two men are mud wrestling because they are wearing caps and looking at the ground with surprised
it is not a statement about the skunk. It is a statement about the men.  The inference is that the men are surprised by the skunk because they are wearing
they are wearing caps. Premise is two men are shocked by what they see because they are wearing caps. Premise is two men are shocked by what they see because they are wearing
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the weather.  Now, let's say we have a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.
they are enjoying themselves. Premise is entailment to say the children are playing on a yellow slide because they are children. Premise is entailment to say the children are playing on a yellow slide because they are
she is enjoying herself on a yellow slide.  Premise is a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park. It is contradiction to say a girl is reading a book because she is enjoying herself on a yellow
a human is standing between two large objects. Premise is a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces. It is entailment to say a human is standing between two large objects because a human is
it is contradictory to say a person is sitting between two televisions. Premise is a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces. It is contradiction to say a person is sitting between two televisions because
it is not a statement about the person standing between the statues. It is a statement about the statues.  Now, let's say we
she is wearing hat.  Premise is two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside. It is contradiction to say one girl running because she is wearing hat.  Premise is two girls wearing hats are running through
it is neutral to say two girls running. It is also neutral to say two girls wearing hats because it is neutral to say two girls wearing hats.  Now let's say we have a sentence that says "Two girls wearing hats
they are wearing hats. Premise is two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside. It is entailment to say they are wearing hats because they are running through snow drifts outside. Premise is two girls wearing hats
it is not specific to any one girl. However, if we say two girls with blonde hair are hiking, we are saying that there are two girls with blonde hair hiking.  Now, let's say
it is cold outside.  Premise is two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day. It is contradiction to say two girls are sunbathing on the beach because it
they are young and teenage girls are hiking. Premise is entailment to say teenagers are hiking in the cold because they are young and teenage girls are hiking. Premise is entailment to say teenagers are hiking
it's a performance group.  The performance group is a performance group because it's a performance group.  The performance group is a performance group because it's a performance group.  The performance group is
it is a single entity. The group is a single entity because it is a single entity. The group is a single entity because it is a single entity. The group is a single entity because it is a single entity. The
it is a performance group. The performance group is dancing because it is a performance group. The performance group is dancing because it is a performance group. The performance group is dancing because it is a performance group. The performance group is dancing because
they are wearing hooded tops. Premise is two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other. It is entailment to say children laugh because they are wearing hooded tops. Premise is two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the hooded tops.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like "The children are laughing." This is a statement about the hooded tops. It is
they are laughing.  The inference is that the children are laughing because they are riding in an airplane.  The inference is that the children are riding in an airplane because they are laughing.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the toddler. It is a statement about the slide. The toddler is not a part of the slide. The toddler is not a part of the slide.
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a mud slide and smiling.  Premise is a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling. It is contradiction to
it is entailment to say a child is smiling. Premise is a child is playing because it is entailment to say a child is smiling. Premise is a child is playing because it is entailment to say a
they are rivals. It is not neutral to say the players hate eachother because they are rivals.  The same goes for the word hate. It is neutral to say
the boy is kicking a ball.  Premise is a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team
he is kicking the ball.  Premise is a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on
he is at the beach. It is neutral to say he is taking photos of seagulls because he is taking photos of seagulls. It is neutral to say he is taking photos of seagulls because
it is sunny. It is neutral to say it is sunny because it is sunny. It is neutral to say it is sunny because it is sunny. It is neutral to say it is sunny because it is sunny. It is neutral to say
pigs are not birds.  The inference is that there are flying pigs.  The inference is that there are flying pigs.  The inference is that there are flying pigs.  The inference is that there are
he is watching them play soccer.  Premise is two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on. It is neutral to say the ref is watching the two men play soccer
he is not watching the game.  Premise is two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on. It is contradiction to say the ref is back flipping in the mud because he is not watching the
the referee is a man. Premise is two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on. It is entailment to say the referee watches the two men in the scrimmage game because the referee
the workers are preparing food for a
the workers are wearing gloves.  The inference engine is trained on the following data
it is not a statement about the workers or the chili. The inference is that
he is waiting for her to show up. It is also neutral to say a man is sitting on the sidewalk waiting
a man cannot lay down on a park bench.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the sidewalk.
it is not stating a fact. It is stating a fact to say a man is sitting on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the
it is not known whether there is treasure or not. The inference is that there is treasure because the person walking close by is digging a trench.  The inference is correct because the
the person walking close by is digging a trench. Premise is a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by. It is
there is somebody near the trench.  The inference is that there is somebody near the trench.  The inference is that there is somebody near the trench.  The inference
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the kids.  Now, let's say that the man is performing for the kids because he is a breakdancer. This is
she is a woman.  Premise is a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school. It is contradiction to say a woman is break dancing because she is a woman.  Premise is a
it is entailment to say a man is performing for kids at school.  Premise is a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school. It is entailment to say a man
it is not a statement about her gender. However, it is a statement about her gender if she has been shopping for hats.  The inference is that she has been shopping for hats because
it is not a statement about the woman. It is neutral to say a woman walks through a store carrying her bags because it is not a statement about the woman. It
she is talking on the phone.  Premise is a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display. It is contradiction to say a
it is a child doing gymnastics. Premise is a child doing gymnastics. It is entailment to say a child is doing gymnastics because it is a child doing gymnastics. Premise is a child doing gymnastics. It is entail
it is not specific to any child. However, it is specific to say a child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd of children.  The inference is that the child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd
the child is doing gymnastics.  The child is eating lunch at the park because the child is doing gymnastics.  The child is eating lunch at the park because the child is doing gymnastics.  The child is eating
it is neutral. It is not neutral to say a little girl belts one out while playing the violin because it is not neutral.  The second sentence is a natural language inference. Premise
it is not a musical instrument.  Premise is a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone. It is contradiction to say a boy plays air guitar while lip syncing
she is talented. Premise is a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone. It is entailment to say a talented child sings into a mic and plays an
they are wearing snowshoes. Premise is entailment to say a man and a woman
they are not crossing the street.  Premise is a young woman with brown hair and an
it is entailment to say a man and a woman are jumping in the air. Premise is
it is not a statement about the boy's color. It is a statement about the merry-go-round. The inference is that the boy is wearing black because he is spinning on a merry-go-round.
he is spinning.  Premise is a boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round. It is contradiction to say the boy is sitting on the ground because he is spinning.
she is a woman.  The inference is that she is selling tires because she is a woman.  The inference is that she is selling tires because she is a woman.  The inference is that she is
it is not a statement about her character. It is a statement about her profession.  The inference is that she is a vegetable seller.  The inference is that she is a vegetable seller.
she is selling vegetables. It is entailment to say she is selling vegetables because she is a woman. It is entailment to say she is selling vegetables because she is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  Premise is a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette. It is neutral to
she is flicking her cigarette. Premise is entailment to say one of the females is a smoker because she is flicking her cigarette. Premise is entailment to say one of
they are talking about it.  The inference is that they are talking about smoking because they enjoy it.  The inference is that they are talking about smoking because they enjoy it.
it is not a statement about the surfer. It is a statement about the wave. The surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water. It is neutral to say this is his first
he is riding a wave.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.
the surfer is riding a wave.  The inference is that the surfer is riding a wave.  The inference is that the surfer is riding a wave.  The inference is that the
it is not a surfer competing at a competition. It is a surfer competing at a competition.  Premise is a surfer on a wave. It is neutral to say a surfer competing at a competition because it is not
a swimmer is not a surfer.  The inference is that a surfer is a swimmer.  The inference is that a swimmer is a surfer.  The inference is that a surfer is a swimmer
it is a surfer catching a swell. Premise is a surfer catching a swell because it is a surfer catching a swell. Premise is a surfer catching a swell because it is a surfer catching a swell. Premise
the basement has a basement. Premise is entailment to say the man in glasses is in the basement because the man in glasses is in the basement. Premise is entailment to say the basement has a basement because the basement has
he is sitting in his basement.  Premise is a man in glasses in a basement. It is contradiction to say the man is sitting in his living room because he is sitting in his basement.  Premise is a
he is looking for something. But it is not neutral to say the man is searching for something in the basement because he is looking for something in the basement. The second sentence is more specific than the first.  The same
he is wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man jumping over rocks
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's physical stamina.
he or she is a woman. It is not neutral to say an employee keeps a storefront looking tidy because he or she is a man.  The inference is that the employee is a woman because the premise is
he is a man.  The inference is that the woman sweeping is a woman sweeping. The inference is that the man dumping dirt is a man dumping dirt. The inference is that the woman
she is sweeping. Premise is entailment to say a woman cleans up near a ladder because she is sweeping. Premise is entailment to say a woman cleans up near a ladder because she is sweeping.
she is running. Premise is a young girl running on grass. It is entailment to say the girl is not standing still because she is running. Premise is a young girl running on grass. It is entailment to say the girl
it is not a statement about the girl's gender. Premise is a statement about the girl's gender. Premise is a statement about the girl's gender. Premise is a statement about the girl
the girl is running on grass.  Premise is a young girl running on grass. It is contradiction to say the girl sits at the kitchen table, decorating the christmas
he is balding and has glasses. Premise is a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display. It is entailment to say a person is standing upright because he is balding and has
he is balding.  Premise is a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display. It is contradiction to say a thick haired man sits on the ground because he
he likes colors. Premise is a man admires a display that he likes because he likes balding men with glasses. Premise is a man admires a display that he likes because he likes
it is not outside.  The inference is that the person is inside the building.  The inference is that the person is inside the building.  The inference is that the person is inside the building.  The inference is that the
it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a person walking on the street outside because it is raining because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a person walking on the street outside because it is raining because it is raining
it is a pedestrian crossing. It is not a person crossing a busy street intersection because it is a pedestrian crossing.  Premise is pedestrian walking on the street. It is neutral to say a person crossing a busy street intersection because it is a
it is entailment to say a man watches while someone breakdances. Premise is one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand.
she is a stripper.  Premise is one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand. It is contradiction to say a woman strips
he is wearing a suit. It is neutral to say a man practices for the 80s party because he is wearing a suit and dancing. It is neutral to say a man practices for
they are ordering food.  The inference is that people are waiting at their table for the waitress to bring their food.  The inference is that people are waiting at their table for
they are ordering food. It is entailment to say there are people who are about to eat because they are picking up food. It is entailment to say there are people who are about to eat because they are
they are ordering food. It is also neutral to say these people are hungry because they are ordering food at a restaurant window.  Now, let's say that we have a person who is hungry and is ordering food at a restaurant window
it is not a statement about the soccer team. It is a statement about the weather.  Now let's say we have a soccer team standing on the field waiting for their time to make
they are not eating live turtles.  Premise is a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move. It is contradiction to say people are eating live turtles because they
they are waiting for their time to make a move. It is entailment to say people are playing soccer outside because they are waiting for their time to make a move. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about any particular man. It is a statement about a group of men.  Premise is several men helping each other pull in a fishing net. It is neutral to say there is a group of
they are pulling in the net. Premise is several men helping each other pull in a fishing net. It is entailment to say the men are fishing because they are pulling in the net. Premise is several men helping each other
it is impossible for one man to hold the net.  Premise is several men helping each other pull in a fishing net. It is contradiction to say there is one man holding the net because it is impossible for one
it is standing outdoors. Premise is the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area is entailment to say the collie is standing in the sand because it is standing outdoors. Premise is the collie
it is not standing outdoors.  The inference is that the collie is running through the park.  The inference is that the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the collie's location. It is a statement about the collie's state of mind. The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area. It is neutral to say the collie is
it is entailment to say that they are traveling in a boat.  Premise is a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat. It is entailment to say several people sitting in a boat because it is
they are traveling in a small boat.  Premise is a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat. It is contradiction to say a group of people waiting for a larger boat because they are traveling in
it is impossible to travel in a sunken boat.  The inference is that the group of people is traveling in a small wooden boat.  The inference is that the group of people is traveling in a
it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. It is entailment to say dog is jumping over a pole because it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. It is entailment to say
it is a dog.  Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. It is contradiction to say dog is asleep on the floor because it is a dog.  Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. It is contradiction to
it is a dog jumping over the pole. It is not neutral to say dog is participating in a competition because it is a dog jumping over the pole.  Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. It is
it is a fact. The inference is that the player hit a homerun.  The inference is that the player hit a homerun because it is a
it is a contradiction to say a baseball player has a blue helmet.  The inference is that the baseball player has a blue helmet.
it is entailment to say a baseball player is dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat
the toddler is sitting quietly on a hand built rock wall surrounded by fallen leaves. Premise is a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the leaves.  Premise is a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves. It is neutral to say
the child is sitting on a stone wall.  Premise is a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves. It is contradiction to say an child is throwing stones at a leaf wall because the
it is not gender specific.  Premise is a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone. It is neutral to say a guy is performing at a recital because it is
he is performing in front of a microphone. Premise is entailment to say a man is performing a song because he is singing a song. Premise is entailment to say a man is performing a song
he is not a boy.  The inference is that the boy is helping his dad dig a ditch because he is a boy.  The inference is that the boy is helping his dad dig
it is a contradiction to say everyone is bald.  The inference is that the man with medium length curly hair is bald.  The inference is that the
of the man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar.  Prem
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the person's hair.  Premise is a man with medium length curly hair
they are lost.  The inference is that
they are wearing coats. It is entailment to say a man and woman are outside
they are sitting by the fire.  Premise is a man in a black coat
the premise is a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.  The conclusion is that the band plays a song on a medium-size stage.
it is not a genre. The band is playing punk rock music because it is a style of music. The band is playing punk rock music because it is a genre of music. The band is playing punk rock
it is entailment to say a band is playing music. Premise is entailment to say a band is playing music on a stage because it is entailment to say a band is playing music.
everybody has a costume.  The inference is that the two men are wearing costumes.  The inference is that nobody has a costume because everybody has a costume.
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the costumes.  The same is true of the statement "The man in the white fur coat is
they are wearing costumes. It is entailment to say people in costumes with white fur coats because they are wearing costumes. It is entailment to say people in costumes with white fur
it is not specific to any gender. It is specific to men because it is a masculine noun. It is specific to happy hour because it is a noun that is used to describe a specific time of day.  The inference is
they are drinking at a bar.  The inference is that the men are watching the football game at their house.  The inference is that the men are watching the football game at their house.
it is true. It is also true that men drink alcohol at a bar. Therefore, men drink alcohol at a bar.  Premise is three men drink at a reflective bar. It is neutral to say men are drinking alcohol at
it is not gender specific. It is not gender specific because it is not a gender specific thing. It is not a gender specific thing because it is not a gender specific thing. It is not a gender specific thing because it is not a
they are snowmen. Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. It is entailment to say men are dressed up because they are snowmen. Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. It is entailment
they are women.  Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. It is contradiction to say two women are dressed up because they are women.  Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. It is
he is fishing. Conclusion is man is fishing at the mall.  The inference is that the man is shopping at the mall.  The inference is that the man is fishing at the mall.  The inference is that the man is shopping
person is near a river. Premise is person fishing in river. It is entailment to say person is near a river because person is near a river. Premise is person fishing in river. It is entailment to say person is near a river
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the person. The fact is they have a fishing pole.  Premise is person fishing in river. It is neutral to say they have a fishing pole because it is not a fact. It is a
they are walking down the street.  Premise is a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. It is entail
they are walking towards something.  The inference is that the two men are walking towards something.  Now, let's say that the man in orange is walking towards a
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the activity they are engaged in.  Premise is a man in orange and a man in a
there are two musicians. It is entailment to say there are two musicians because there is one female. It is entailment to say there is one female because there are two musicians. It is entailment to say there are two musicians because
there are two males.  Premise is one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment. It is contradiction to say there four females because there are two males.  Premise is one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment. It
they are holding musical equipment. Premise is entailment to say they are female because they are holding musical equipment. Premise is entailment to say they are holding musical equipment because they are female. Premise is entailment to say they
it is not specific to any one place. The inference is that the group is on vacation at the ocean.  The same inference can be made with the word "walkway
it is entailment to say a group of people posing in front of a body of water because it is entailment to say a group of people posing in
he is not in the picture.  The inference is that the man is cleaning up the spill because he is in the picture.  The inference is that the man is cleaning up
it is not a dog playing with his owner. It is neutral to say a dog is playing with his owner because it is not a dog playing with his owner. It is neutral to say a dog is playing with his owner because
it is not a big dog.  The inference is that the puppy is rolling on the ground because it is a puppy.  The inference is that the puppy is rolling on the ground because it is a puppy.
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Now, let's say that we have a dog sitting down and trying to catch a ball. We can say that the dog is sitting down
they are kneeling. Premise is a man in robes is a priest. Premise is a man in robes is a priest because he is wearing a stole. Premise is a
they are kneeling and the man is sitting. The inference is that the females are kneeling because they are robbing a bank.  The inference is that the females are kneeling because they are
he is wearing a robe. It is neutral to say the man is a catholic priest because he is kneeling. It is neutral to say the man is a catholic priest because
it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a dog is outside because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a dog is outside because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water. It is neutral to say a black lab waits for its
a black dog is standing in the water.  The inference is that the dog is standing in the water.  The inference is that the dog is standing in the water.  The inference
it is not a statement about the teenager. It is a statement about the room. The room is pink. The room is messy. The room is a teenager's bedroom. Premise is a statement about the room
the paper crafts are strewn about the floor. Premise is a mess because the teen is laying down in a mess. Premise is a mess because the teen is laying down in a mess. Prem
she is laying down.  Premise is a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor. It is contradiction to say the teen is dancing in her room because she is laying down.
the man is not playing himself. The boy is playing ping-pong with the man. The man is teaching the boy to play ping-pong. The
the boy is wearing green.  The inference is that the man is wearing blue because he is older than the boy.  The inference is that the man is wearing yellow
they are in a gymnasium. Premise is entailment to say they are playing ping pong because they are in a gymnasium. Premise is entail
woman is not man. Conclusion is man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is man with an orange bandanna
it is entailment to say person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute because it is entailment to say person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute because it is entail
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the flute.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man with the orange bandanna
the performer plays an instrument for an audience.  The inference is that the performer plays an instrument for an audience.  The inference is that the performer plays an instrument for an audience.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the performer's identity. The performer is making music because the performer is playing an instrument. The performer is playing an instrument because the performer is a musician. The performer is a musician because the performer is a musician.
it is a fact. The performer has a flute. The performer plays a flute. The performer plays a flute. The performer plays a flute. The performer plays a flute. The performer plays a flute. The
they kiss on the side of the road. It is entailment to say people show their appreciation for another because they kiss on the side of the road. It is entailment to say people show their appreciation for another because
they are engaged. It is neutral to say a couple kiss on the street because they are kissing. It is neutral to say a couple kiss on the street because they are kissing on the street. It is neutral to
they are married.  Premise is two people in coats kiss on the side of a road. It is contradiction to say two married people avoid looking at one another because they are married.  Premise
it is neutral to say a girl rides a bike. It is neutral to say a girl rides a bike because it is neutral to say a girl rides a skateboard. It is neutral to say a
it is not a person.  The inference is that the person is snowboarding off a hill of snow.  The inference is that the person is snowboarding off a hill of snow.
they are wearing a red and tan coat. Premise is a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow. It is entailment to say a person rides a
he is aiming a spotlight over a balcony.  The inference is that the person is working because he is aiming a spotlight over a balcony.  The inference is that the person is working because he is aiming a
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the theatre.  Premise is a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony. It is neutral to say a
she is a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.  The inference is that the actress is a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.  The inference is
she is bouncing in a bounce house. Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house. It is entailment to say a girl is bouncing around because she is bouncing in a bounce house. Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house
it is not a statement about the girl's gender.  Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house. It is neutral to say a girl is bouncing alongside with another girl because it is not a statement about the girl's
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the girl bouncing around at a friend birthday party.  Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house. It is neutral to say a girl is
she is holding a wood in her hand.  Premise is a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in
she is holding a wood.  Premise is a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand. It is contradiction to say a woman stands
it is a neutral statement. But if we say a woman stands with smile on her face and holding a wood that was just handed to her, it is a
he is smiling. But it is not neutral to say the young boy is hispanic because he is smiling.  Premise is a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera. It is neutral to say the
he is smiling.  The inference is that the young boy is smiling because he is happy.  The inference is that the young boy is happy because he is smiling.  The inference is that the young boy is
he is happy.  Premise: Premise is a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera.  Premise entailment: Premise is entailment to say the young boy is smiling because he
it is not possible to have three women shopping at the mall.  The inference is that the women are shopping at the mall.  The inference is that the women are shopping at the mall.
it is not a statement about the individuals in the group. It is a statement about the group.  Now let's say we have a statement about a group of people. It is a statement about
it is entailment to say a group of people are sitting down eating and drinking together. It is entailment to say a group of people are sitting down eating and drinking together because it is
he is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other
green is not a color of a t shirt.  Now let's explain a natural language inference.
he is wearing an orange and black polo shirt.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The
it is not a football layer. Premise is a football layer wearing a red shirt. Premise is a built man wearing a red shirt. Premise is a built man wearing a red shirt. Premise is a built man wearing a
it is a contradiction to say a football player wearing a red shirt.  The inference engine is a football player wearing a red shirt. It is a contradiction to say a football player wearing a black jersey.  The inference engine is
it is a football layer wearing a red shirt. Premise is entailment to say a football layer wearing a red shirt because it is a football layer wearing a red shirt. Premise is entailment to say a football layer wearing a red shirt
friends are meeting for coffee.  Premise is six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field. It is contradiction to say friends are meeting for coffee because friends are meeting for coffee.
they are waiting to use the port-o-john. Premise is six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field. It is entailment to say women are outside because they are waiting to
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the friends. However, it is necessary to specify the gender of the women because it is necessary to specify the gender of the port-o-john.  The inference
he is not playing soccer.  The inference is that the child is playing soccer.  The inference is that the child is playing soccer.  The inference is that the child is
it is not a statement about the child's race.  Premise is a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt
it is entailment to say a young african child. Premise is entailment to say a young african child carrying a bag because it is entailment to say a young af
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The latin celebration is a statement of fact because it is a statement of fact
there are people.  The inference is that the city is full of people.  The inference is that the city is full of people.  The inference is
they are visiting the city for the festivities.  The inference is that the festivities bring many visitors to the city.  The inference is that the festivities bring many visitors to
she is blowing bubbles. Premise is a small girl with braids blowing bubbles. It is neutral to say a young girl enjoys her day outside because she is blowing bubbles. Premise is a small girl with braids blowing bubbles.
he is a young boy. Premise is a contradiction to say a young boy plays with his yo-yo because he is a young boy. Premise is a contradiction to say a young boy plays with his yo-yo
she is blowing bubbles. Premise is entailment to say a person is entertaining herself because she is blowing bubbles. Premise is entailment to say a person is entertaining herself because she is blowing bubbles. Premise is entailment to say
they are standing behind the couple. The inference is that the boy holding the
she is smiling.  Premise is a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind
it is not a statement about the bride and groom. It is a statement about
it is entailment to say a man is sitting. It is entailment to say a man is sitting because it is entailment to say a man is sitting. It is entailment to say a man is sitting because it is entail
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the guitar and the man.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is playing guitar and singing because he is happy. We
saxophone is a musical instrument.  The inference is that man is playing guitar.  The inference is that man is playing guitar. Premise is man sitting playing guitar. It is contradiction to say man is standing
he is not in the ocean.  The inference engine will take the sentence "A man is swimming in the ocean" and infer that the man is not swimming in the ocean.  The inference
he is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stage. Premise is a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if
he is on a stage and talking into a microphone.  Premise is a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on
she is not wearing dollar sign glasses.  Premise is a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands
she is a woman.  The inference is that she is rich because she is a woman.  The inference
she is wearing a dress and heels.  The inference is that she is dressed up for a commercial shoot because she is wearing a
they are not laughing.  The inference is that the person in the yellow jacket is laughing at the person riding the motorbike.  The inference is that the person in
they are not riding their bike.  Premise is a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike
they were riding their motorbike. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment.
there are three people talking. It is entailment to say there are three people talking because there are two women talking. It is entailment to say there are two women talking because there is a man talking. It is entailment to say there is
it is contradictory to say a man and two women are bungee jumping.  Premise is a man speaking with two women. It is contradiction to say a man and two women are bungee jumping because it is contradictory to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the women.  Now, let's say the man is giving directions to a woman who is a nurse. The nurse is a woman who works at a hospital
she is older. Premise is an older woman is holding a child. Premise is entailment to say a woman holding a child because she is holding a child. Premise is entailment to say a woman holding a child because she
a man is holding a baby. Premise is an older woman is holding a small child. It is contradiction to say a man holding a baby because a man is holding a baby. Premise is an older woman is holding a small child.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the child. The child is a noun. The woman is a noun. The child is a noun. The woman is a noun. The child is a noun. The
the man is holding him on his shoulders.  The inference is that the child is too big to ride on the mans shoulders.  The inference is that the child is too big to ride on
the child is on his shoulders. Premise is a man is holding a child on his shoulders. It is entailment to say a child is going for a ride on that man because the child is on his
it is entailment to say a man is holding a child on his shoulders.  Premise is a man is holding a child on his shoulders. It is entailment to say a child is riding
it is a natural language inference. It is not a natural language inference to say a male performer is showcasting his snake for tips because it is a natural language inference.
it is entailment to say a male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest. Premise is entailment to
he is standing among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.  Premise is a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a
he is standing on a snow pile in a city.  The inference is that the man is at home sleeping because he is standing on a snow pile in a city.  The inference is that the man is at home
he is standing on a snow pile in a city. Premise is young child standing on a snow pile in a city. It is contradiction to say the man is white because he is standing on a snow pile in a city. Premise
snow piles are not men.  Premise is young child standing on a snow pile in a city. It is contradiction to say a man on a pile because snow piles are not men.  Premise is young child standing
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the snowball.  Now
it is raining.  Premise is a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree
it is a contradiction to say a child riding his bike by the beach.  The child is wearing a brown coat, red
it is not a statement about the bus itself. It is a statement about the people waiting to board the bus.  The bus is a natural entity. It is a physical
it is a contradiction to say large crowds of people wait for a bus.  The inference is that large crowds of people wait for a bus.  The inference is that large crowds of people wait for
they are waiting to board the bus. Premise is entailment to say a group of people wait outside a bus stop because they are waiting to board the bus. Premise is entailment to say
it is impossible. Premise is a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes. Premise is a dog with a purple leash is held by a man wearing white
she is wearing white shoes. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing white shoes because she is holding a leash on her dog. Premise is entailment to say a woman
it is entailment to say a woman is holding a leash on a dog. Premise is a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes is entailment to say
she is talking to him. It is also neutral to say she talks to her boyfriend about plans that night because she is talking to him about plans that night.
she is sitting in front of the ocean.  The inference is that she throws her phone into the sea because she is sitting in front of the ocean.
she is sitting on the blue railings. Premise is entailment to say she is sitting on the blue railings because she is talking on her cellphone.
they are sitting in front of a computer monitor.  The inference engine is able to infer that the young male is sitting in front of a computer monitor because he is at the movies with his friends.  The
they are sitting in front of a computer monitor. Premise is doing his homework because he is sitting in front of a computer monitor. Premise is doing his homework because he is sitting in front of a computer monitor. Premise is
they are young male. Premise is entailment to say someone is sitting in front of a computer because they are male. Premise is entailment to say someone is sitting in front of a computer because they are
it is a white room. It is entailment to say the room has a camera because it is a room. It is entailment to say the room has a camera because it is a white
it is white.  The inference is that the room is white.  The inference is that the room is white because the room is white.  The inference is that the room is white because the
they are standing outside.  The inference is that the older men
they are older gentlemen.  Premise is two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside
they are both white and have white hair. The inference is that they are colleagues because
they are standing.  The inference is that they are standing on a couch.  The inference is that they are standing on a couch.  The inference is that
they are standing outside. It is entailment to say they are inside because they are standing inside. It is entailment to say they are inside because they are standing inside. It is entail
they are standing together. It is also neutral to say they are posing because they are standing together and the elder man is holding his hand around the younger man.  Premise is a tall
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the cigarette.  The inference is that the man is smoking a cigarette.  The inference is that the man is smoking a cigarette. Prem
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man sits and smokes outside because he is smoking outside. Premise is entailment to say a man sits and smokes outside because he is sitting outside. Premise
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that a man is sitting on the stoop. It is a statement of fact that a man is smoking a cigar. It is
he is wearing a farmer's hat. The man is a farmer because he is wearing a farmer's hat. The man is a farmer because he is wearing a farmer's hat. The
he is standing in front of the doorway.  The inference is that the man is standing in front of the doorway because he is flying a plane.  The inference is
it is entailment to say a man with glasses is standing in front of an open doorway. Premise is an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in
it is not a statement about any individual person.  The next step is to infer the meaning of the sentence. The sentence is "The party is going well." The inference is that the party is
the city is not populated.  The inference is that the people are populating the city.  The inference is that the people are populating the city.  The inference is that the people are pop
they are in a room. Premise is a large group of people populate a dimly lit room. It is entailment to say a group of people are in a room because they are in a room.
he was careless. It is not neutral to say a man broke his new bike because he was careless because it is not clear whether he was careless or not.  The inference is that he was careless because he
the man in blue is not a man in orange hat.  The inference is that the man in blue is not a man in orange hat.  The inference is that the man
it is entailment to say a man walks his bike down a street. Premise is entailment to say a man walks his bike down a street because it is entailment to
she is not a computer. Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is a woman with red-hair staples some papers. It is contradiction to say a red-haired woman is working on
she staples papers. Premise is entailment to say the woman is working on papers because she has red-hair. Premise is entailment to say the woman has red-hair because she staples papers. Premise is entail
there are no women shuffling papers. Premise is a woman with red-hair staples some papers. It is contradiction to say there are women shuffling papers because there are no women shuffling papers. Premise is a woman with
he is disgusted by the dog pile.  The inference is that the little boy is disgusted by the dog pile.
he is a little boy. It is entailment to say a little boy wants a dirty rugby ball because he is a little boy
it is entailment to say a soccer player tries to get a soccer ball.  Premise is a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer
a basketball player is not a soccer player.  The inference is that the white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept the soccer ball.  The inference is that the
he is a soccer player. Premise is entailment to say a soccer player gets the interception because he is white-clad. Premise is entailment to say a soccer
he is tossing a knife in the air.  Premise is a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby. It is contradiction to say a man is being
it is not clear whether the man is preparing to show off his knife-wielding skills or not.  Premise is a man is tossing a knife in the air while
it is not clear whether he is throwing it at his friend or not.  The inference is that he is throwing it at his friend. Premise is a man is tossing a knife
the poster is mounted on the wall of a tunnel lit by overhead fluorescent lights. Premise is entailment to say there is a woman under fluorescent lights because the poster is mounted
she is lost. The poster is a natural language inference. Premise is a woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by
it is a microphone.  Premise is a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth. It is entailment to say a male has a device near his mouth because it is a microphone.
he is holding a microphone in front of his mouth.  Premise is a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth. It is contradiction to say the man is swimming in the ocean because he is holding
he was holding a microphone in front of his mouth. But it is not neutral to say the man was about to record his music album because he was holding a microphone in front of his mouth.  Prem
he is not holding the camera.  The inference is that the photographer is using a tripod.  The inference is that the photographer is using a tripod. Premise is a photographer is using
he is using a tripod. Premise is a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset. It is entailment to say the photographer is taking a picture because he is using a tripod.
it is not a statement about the photographer's skill. The inference is that the photographer is a professional because the inference is that the photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset.  The inference is
they are not watching him play.  The inference is that the child is playing with pigeons.  The inference is that the child is playing with pigeons because the pigeon
it is not a statement about the child's intentions. It is neutral to say a child is playing with pigeons because it is not a statement about the child's intentions. It is neutral to say
they are watching a child play.  Premise is child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play. It is entailment to say people watch a child play because they
it is contradictory to say there are two men assisting a girl with a harness.  The inference is that the girl is a boy.  The inference is that the girl is a boy because the premise
it is a fact that two guys are assisting a girl with her harness. It is entailment to say two guys help a girl with her harness because it is a fact that two guys are assisting a girl with her
they are assisting her.  The inference is that the men are assisting the girl because they are tying her up.  The inference is that the men are tying the girl up because they are assisting her.  The
he is throwing up snow. Premise is a skier is throwing up snow because he is skiing off piste. Premise is a skier is throwing up snow because he is skiing off piste.
he is throwing up snow. It is not neutral to say a professional skier throws up snow because he is skiing down a mountain.  The first sentence is a statement of fact. The
he is not skiing.  Premise is a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste. It is contradiction to say a snowboarder takes a nap on
the person is wearing an orange jacket.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from
the person is not driving the suv.  The inference is that the person is getting out of the rear of the su
it is not known whether the person is going hiking or not.  The inference is that the person is going hiking because the
it is entailment to say a man holds a stick. Premise is entailment to say a man holds a stick because it is entailment to say a man has a stick. Premise is
he is shirtless and red. It is also neutral to say a rabid sports fan cheers for his team because he is shirtless and red.  Now, let's say we have a shirtless
it is not a contradiction to say a shirtless man holds a stick.  The inference is that the shirtless man is holding a stick.  The inference is that the fully dressed man is holding
it is yellow.  Premise is a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds. It is contradiction to say the boy's shirt is orange because it is yellow.  Premise is a boy in a yellow
he is running by birds. But it is not neutral to say the boy is running by birds because he is moving very fast.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes a sentence and tries to infer the meaning of
he is wearing a yellow shirt. Premise is entailment to say the boy is outside because he is running by birds. Premise is entailment to say the boy is outside because he is running by birds. Premise is entail
the man is playing guitar. The inference is that the young boy is watching the hockey game.  The inference is based on the premise that the young boy is watching the
he is sitting on a bench. It is entailment to say the young boy is watching a man perform because he is sitting on a bench because he is watching a man
he is famous. The boy is not famous. The man performing is famous because he is famous. The boy is not famous. The man performing is famous because he is famous. The boy
she is pushing a carriage or cart. Premise is entailment to say a woman is outdoors because she is pushing a carriage or cart. Premise is entailment to
it is not specific to any one person.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a woman in a black top and blue skirt pushing a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the stroller.  The inference is that the woman is pushing
he is repairing the roof. It is neutral to say a guy is repairing the roof and falls off because he is fixing the roof. It is neutral to say a guy is repairing the roof and falls off because he is fixing
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a guy is fixing the roof because he is repairing the roof. Premise is entailment to say a guy is fixing the roof because he is repairing the roof. Premise
he is repairing roof shingles.  Premise is a man is repairing roof shingles. It is contradiction to say a guy is jogging because he is repairing roof shingles.  Premise is a man is
they are posing along a tree-lined path. Premise is two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera. It is entailment to say two girls are taking pictures
it is not possible for two guys to be standing by a tree.  The inference is that the girls are posing for a picture with two guys.  The inference is that the girls are
it is not saying anything about the girls. But it is not neutral to say two girls are doing the same pose because it is saying something about the girls.  The same goes for the sentence
it is not a statement about the racers. It is a statement about the tournament.  Premise is two racers race on motorcycles. It is neutral to say two people are racing in a tournament because it is not a statement about
they are racing motorcycles.  The inference is that the racers are racing motorcycles.  The inference is that the racers are racing motorcycles.  The inference is that the racers are racing motorcycles.  The inference is that the
they are racing. It is entailment to say two people are racing because they are racing motorcycles. It is entailment to say two people are racing because they are racing motorcycles. It is entailment to say two people are racing because they are racing motorcycles
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The inference is that the men are dancers because they are dancing. The inference is not that they are dancers because they are men. The inference is that they are dancers because they
it is not a group of people watching.  The inference is that the three men are shooting the girl.  The inference is that the three men are shooting the girl.  The inference is that the three men are
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the stage.  Premise is three men dancing as a stage. It is neutral to say three men dancing as a stage because it is not a statement
they are looking concerned.  Premise is two young girls looking very concerned. It is contradiction to say they aren't paying attention to anything because they are looking concerned.  Premise is two young girls looking very concerned. It is
he is dead.  The inference is that the man is dead.  The inference is that the man is lying face down on the street because he is dead.  The inference is that the man is lying face down
they are looking concerned. Premise is a sentence. Premise is a sentence. Premise is a sentence. Premise is a sentence. Premise is a sentence. Premise is a sentence. Premise is a sentence. Premise is
the child is thrown by a man in the pool.  Premise is a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool. It is entailment to say a child is thrown by a
it is not known whether the man was male or female.  The inference is that the man was male because the child was thrown by a man.  The inference is that the man was female because the
the child is thrown by a man.  The inference is that the child is thrown by a man.  The inference is that the child is tossed by a man.  The inference
she is not sleeping inside her house.  The inference is that she is sleeping outside her house.  The inference is that she is sleeping outside her house.  The inference is that she is sleeping outside her house.
it is a fact. The inference is that she is going to ride her bike.  The inference is that she is going to ride her bike because it is a fact.  Premise is a young girl with her bike
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a girl waiting for someone to take her bicycle. It is neutral to say a girl is waiting for someone to take her bicycle because it is a natural language inference. Premise
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the convention.  Now, let's say you are at a convention and you see two girls dressed up as
it is not specific to any one character. However, if you say "two girls dressed up as wall-e" it is specific to wall-e.  Now,
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the convention.  The inference is that the convention is about wall-e. The inference is not that the girls are
woman is not too far from them. It is entailment to say woman is not too far from them because men sit. It is entailment to say men sit
he is not sitting with the woman.  The inference is that the woman is sitting with the man.  The inference is that the
the men are sitting under a bridge.  Premise is two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three
it is not a statement about the mother. It is a
she is preparing food for a child. Premise is
she is preparing food.  The inference is that the woman is
he is playing the guitar. The boy is playing the guitar because he wants to be a professional guitar player. The boy is playing the guitar
he is wearing pajama pants.  Premise is a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.
he is wearing pajamas and an orange shirt. Premise is entailment to say the child practices guitar indoors because he is wearing pajamas and an orange shirt.
a young girl holds onto the back of him. Premise is a man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him is entailment to say a man rides a bike because a young
he is riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the man is riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the man is riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the man
they are wearing swimtrunks.  The inference is that the man with light blue jeans is walking down the street with the man with dark
it is entailment to say there is a man with light blue jeans on and one with dark blue jeans on. Premise is there is
they are walking down the street.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference that says there are two men walking down the street. Premise
they are fighting. But it is not neutral to say the two dogs hate each other because they are fighting.  The first sentence is neutral because it is not about the dogs. The second sentence is not neutral because it is about the dogs
they are white. Premise is two white dogs fighting with each other. It is entailment to say the two dogs are having a brawl because they are fighting with each other. Premise is two white dogs fighting with each other.
the dogs are fighting with each other.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting with each other.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting with each other.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting
it is not a statement about the girls' personalities. It is neutral to say five girls are reading aloud because it is not a statement about the girls' personalities. It is
they are sitting on the ground.  Premise is five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together. It is entailment to say a group of
it is contradictory to say 5 girls are sitting on the ground reading books together.  The inference is that the girls are reading books together.  The inference is that the girls are reading books together
snow is scattered about.  Premise is there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about. It is entailment to say a person walking down a street
dogs don't walk down tree lined streets with snow scattered about.  Now, let's say we have a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the street.  Now let's say we want to say there is a man walking down a
there are 2 people kissing.  Premise is 2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it. It is contradiction to
it is not clear whether they are talking to each other or to the woman.  The inference is that the woman is the subject of the sentence.  The inference is that
they are at a table. It is entailment to say a woman is sitting behind a table because she is sitting behind a table. It is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man's body of water.  The inference is that the man is practicing how to surf because he is on a farm.
he is doing a task by a body of water.  The inference is that the man is laying in a mud puddle.  The inference is that the man is laying in a
the man is doing something by the water. It is entailment to say the man is doing something by the water because the man is doing something by the water. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the boys in the red sweatshirt.  Now, if you want to say that the boys in
it is not a statement about the boy in the red sweatshirt. It is a statement about the plays.  Now let's say we have a
the boy is not holding a football.  The inference is that the boy is holding a football because he is leaning over holding a football.  The inference is that the boy is
she is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open.  The inference is that she is not sleeping.  The inference is that she is not sleeping because she is holding a microphone in one
it is a fact. It is not a fact that she is singing a song. It is a fact that she is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open. It is not
her mouth is open.  Premise is a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open. It is entailment to say a woman standing at a microphone because her mouth is
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the game they are playing.  Now, let's say we
there are girls in a backyard. Premise is two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a
they are not in the backyard.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from its context. It is a machine learning
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a girl is blowing a bubble. So, we can infer that the girl is blowing a bubble.  Now, let's say that the girl is blowing a bubble. We can infer that she
a girl can't blow a huge bubble.  Premise is a girl is blowing a huge bubble. It is contradiction to say a girl is blowing many tiny bubbles because a girl can't blow a huge bubble.  Premise
she is blowing a bubble. Premise is a girl is blowing a huge bubble. Premise is entailment to say a girl is blowing a huge bubble. Premise is entailment to say a girl is blowing a huge bubble. Prem
he is a heavy metal fan. Premise is a kid is giving heavy metal signs. It is entailment to say kid showing the heavy metal hand sign because he is a heavy metal fan. Premise is a kid is giving
he is giving heavy metal signs.  The child is giving heavy metal signs because he loves heavy metal.  The child is giving heavy metal signs because he loves heavy metal.  The child is giving heavy metal signs because he
he is pretending his hand is a bull.  The child is pretending his hand is a bull because he is pretending his hand is a bull.  The child is pretending his hand is a bull because he is pretending his
she is a lady. Premise is a lady is taking a picture because she is a lady. Premise is a lady is taking a picture because she is a lady. Premise is a lady is taking a picture
she is a lady.  Premise is a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity. It is contradiction to say a lady is painting a picture because she is a lady.  Premise is a
she is a lady. But it is not neutral to say a lady is spying on somebody else because she is a camera operator.  The inference is that she is spying on somebody else because she is a camera operator
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about cotton candy.  Now
he is wearing a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel.  The inference
he is wearing a jacket.  Premise is a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans,
he is running and he is not running because he is not running.  The inference is that the referee is pointing to the right and watching the player bend
he is pointing to the right.  The referee is pointing to the right because he is pointing to the right.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about their race. However, if you say two black guys playing basketball, you are making a statement about their race.  Now, let's say that you are a white guy who is a fan
it is entailment to say two black guys playing basketball. Premise is two black guys playing basketball. Premise is entailment to say two men playing basketball. Premise is entailment to say two black guys playing basketball.
they are not black.  Premise is two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball. It is contradiction to say two women playing basketball because they are not black.  Premise is two black guys, that
it is entailment to say a canoe is in the water. Premise is entailment to say a canoe is in the water because it is entailment to say a boat is in the water. Premise
it is a contradiction to say a canoe goes over a waterfall.  Premise is a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe. It is contradiction to say a canoe goes over a waterfall
it is not a fact that it is drifting. It is a fact that it is untied.  Premise is a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another
it is not a natural language inference.  The inference is that the boy is hugging a wooden post.  The inference is that the boy is hugging a wooden post.  The inference is that the boy
he is hugging it. Premise is a boy hugs a post. It is entailment to say a boy hugs a post because he is hugging it. Premise is a boy hugs a post. It is entailment to say a
it is a natural thing to do. But it is not neutral to say a boy holds onto a post during a wind storm because it is a natural thing to do. The second sentence is a natural language inference.
there is no bus stop.  The inference is that there is a group of people waiting at the bus stop.  The inference is that there
they are there. It is not neutral to say a family visits the zoo because they are there with their children.  The inference is that the family visited the zoo because they are there
he is not riding a bike.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. It is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. It is trained to recognize
it is true for all kids riding bikes home. But it is not true for all kids riding bikes home. It is true for some kids riding bikes home. It is true for some kids riding bikes home. It
he has a yellow shirt. Premise is entailment to say a kid riding his bike down the street because he has a yellow shirt because he is riding his bike down the street. Premise is
the boy's bike is yellow.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction between the premises and the conclusion. If it finds a contradiction, it will reject the conclusion. If it does not find a contradiction
he is riding a yellow bike. Premise is a boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square. It is entailment to say a boy has a yellow bike because he is riding a yellow bicycle. Prem
he is riding a bicycle. It is neutral to say the boy is having fun because he is riding a bicycle. It is neutral to say the boy is having fun because he is riding a bicycle. It is neutral to say
horses are not cars.  The inference is that the two cars are racing each other.  The inference is that the two cars are racing each other.  The inference is that the two cars are
they are both cars. It is not neutral to say a bugatti competes in a road race because it is a bugatti.  The same applies to natural language inference. Premise
it is entailment to say two cars are driven in a car race. Premise is two cars are driven in a car race. It is entailment to say two cars participate in a car race because it is entailment
it is not barking at the tv.  The inference is that the dog is barking at the tv because it is not barking at the tv
she is a gymnast. Premise is entailment to say she is lifting her leg straight up in the air because
she is lifting her leg straight up in the air. Premise is entailment
he is not a boy.  The inference is that the old man is not a boy because he is old.  The inference is that the old man is not a boy
he is a boy. It is also neutral to say the boy is a bicycle rider because he is a boy. It is also neutral to say the boy is a
he is pulling a door. Premise is bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door. It is entailment to say a boy is touching a door because he is pulling a door. Premise is bicycles are litter
a person pushing a shopping cart is a person pushing a shopping cart.  Premise is a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man. It is entailment to say a
it is entailment to say a man pushing a shopping cart.  Premise is a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man. It is entailment to say a
the boy is not a man.  Premise is a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man. It is contradiction to say a boy pushing a car up a hill
he is shirtless.  The inference is that the man is sleeping at home.  The inference is that the man is sleeping at home.  The inference is that the man is sleeping at home.  The inference
he is shirtless.  The inference is that the man likes his fishing boat because he is shirtless.  The inference is that the man likes his fishing boat because he is shirtless.  The inference is
he is shirtless. Premise is entailment to say a shirtless man is with his boat because he is fishing. Premise is entailment to say a shirtless man is fishing because he is shirtless. Premise is
it is not a statement about the engineer's state of mind. The inference is that the engineer heard a noise.  The inference is not that the engineer heard a noise because he is wearing purple gloves. The
he wore them while looking up. Premise is entailment to say the engineer wore purple gloves because he wore them while looking up. Premise is entailment to say the engineer wore purple gloves because he wore
he was looking up.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence based on the context of the sentence. The inference engine can infer the meaning of the sentence based on the
a person
the statue is a fish.  The inference is that the jury thought it'd
they are outdoors, they are outdoors because they take a photo, and they take a photo because they are outdoors.
he is angry. The waiter is a man. The blond man is a man. The curly-haired man is a man.
it is contradictory to say a man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant.  The natural language inference is that the blond-
they are both men. Premise is a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table. It is entailment
they are sitting on the bench.  The inference is that they are playing volleyball on the sand.  The inference is that they are playing volleyball on the sand.
they are wearing yellow vests.  The inference is that they are taking a break because they are wearing yellow vests.  The inference is that they are
there are people. It is entailment to say there are people because they are men because they are wearing yellow green safety vests. It is entailment to say they are wearing yellow
the father is a man and the daughter is a woman.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth value of the statement. It will try to infer that the father is teaching his son
his father is teaching him.  Premise is a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle. It is entailment to say a boy is learning how to ride his bike because his father
he is learning quickly. It is also neutral to say the boy is improving slowly because he is learning slowly. The inference is that the boy is improving quickly.  Now let's look at a natural language inference. Premise
it is not a statement about the men themselves.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the men themselves. It
women don't have beards.  The inference is that the two men are men. The inference is not that the two women are women.  The inference
they are both men. Premise is two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather. It is entailment to say men are laughing together on a nice day
it is a contradiction to say a woman is sitting in an office.  Premise is a woman sitting in an office. It is contradiction to say a women in a conference room because it is a contradiction to say a woman is sitting in an
she is sitting in an office.  Premise is a woman sitting in an office. It is contradiction to say a women outside because she is sitting in an office.  Premise is a woman sitting in an office. It is contradiction to say a
she is sitting in an office. Premise is entailment to say a woman in an office because she is sitting in an office because she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman in an office because she is sitting in an
of a bear is a jungle native. Premise is a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is
a bear has hair. Premise is a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from
it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is that the person is a man because the inference is that the person is a man.
they are holding either side of a boat. Premise is two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water. It is entailment to say two people are near water because they are holding
they are not holding the boat.  The inference is that the boat is being held by one person.  The inference is that the boat is being held by one person.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the boat. It is a statement about the people.  The boat is a part of the ocean. The boat is not a person. The boat is not a person.
it is not necessary to mention the butterfly beach ball. The child is holding the beach ball because it is necessary to mention the beach ball. The child is holding the butterfly beach ball because it is necessary to mention the butterfly beach ball
it is a neutral statement. The child is holding a beach ball is a statement about the child. It is not neutral. It is a statement about the child holding a beach ball.  The child is holding a
the child is holding a beach ball. The child is holding a beach ball because the child is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball. The child is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball because the child is holding a beach ball. The child
she is jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same. Premise is girl in black pants and an orange top jumping
it is not specific to any charity. It is specific to a girl jumping for a charity because it is specific to a girl jumping for a charity.
the girl in black pants is jumping.  The inference is that the girl in black pants is jumping.  The inference is that the girl in black pants is
she is critiquing her friend's dance moves. It is neutral to say a girl is critiquing her friend's dance moves because she is critiquing her friend's
they are both doing a dance.  Premise is a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch. It is contradiction to say both girls are doing a dance because they
she is wearing a costume. Premise is entailment to say a girl is wearing a costume because she is dancing. Premise is entailment to say a girl is dancing because she is wearing a costume.
it is entailment to say a person in a hat. It is entailment to say a person in a hat because it is entailment to say a person in a hat
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about height.  The same is true for the following sentence:  A woman in a red hat and
somebody has a hat.  The inference is that somebody has a hat.  The inference is that somebody has a hat.  The inference is that somebody has a hat
there are people on it.  The inference is that the beach is out of water because there are people on it.  The inference is that the beach is
it is not a sign. It is a sign because it indicates danger.  The inference is that the sign indicates danger.  The inference is that the
there are signs indicating danger. Premise is a sign indicates 'dangerous shorebreak' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach. It
the windows are purple. The windows are purple because the alcove is purple. The alcove is purple because the windows are purple
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say the band plays jazz music because it is a fact that the band plays jazz music. It
it is seated. Premise is entailment to say a band is seated because it is assembled. Premise is entailment to say a band
it is a sousa march. It is neutral to say the band plays a sousa march to celebrate the holidays because it is a sousa march.
they have five musicians.  The inference is that the city is lamenting at the lack of musicians because they have five musicians.  The inference is that the city is lament
there are people playing music. Premise is a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church. It is entailment to say there are people playing music because there are
he is applying signage to the window. Premise is entailment to say a man is applying signage to the window because he is wearing shorts and a
it is not a statement about the man himself.  The inference is that the man is wearing shorts and
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we have a dog named Spot and another named Spot. We can say that Spot is chasing Spot. This is a statement about Spot
they are playing together.  The inference is that the dogs are playing together.  The inference is that the dogs are playing together.  The inference is that the dogs are playing together.  The inference is that the dogs are playing together
they are playing together. It is entailment to say dogs are having fun because they are playing together. It is entailment to say dogs are having fun because they are playing together. It is entailment to say dogs are having fun because they are
she was talking to him.  The inference is that she was talking to her husband.  The inference is
she was holding it against her ear. Premise is entailment because it is a middle-aged woman with red-
she is holding a yellow cellphone.  The inference is that the woman has a yellow cellphone.  The inference is that
a woman is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it.  The inference is that the man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the situation.  The next step is to say that the man is smoking a cigarette. This is a
he is outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it. Premise is a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it. Prem
the vendor is still there.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of the sentence from the premises. The inference engine can be trained to recognize the meaning of the
it is entailment to say a vendor is selling food. Premise is entailment to say a vendor is selling food because it is entailment to say a vendor is selling food. Prem
it is a black and white picture. The inference is that the food vendor is selling hot dogs because it is a black and white picture.  The inference is that the food vendor is selling
he is wearing a blue shirt and tan shorts. It is also neutral to say the man is young because he is wearing a blue shirt and tan
the man is wearing it. Premise is entailment to say the man is working on the machine because he is wearing the shirt. Prem
there is a man. I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. Are you saying that the premise is false because there
it is not specific to a person.  The inference is that the person sweeping stairs is a groundskeeper.  The inference is that the person sweeping stairs is a groundskeeper.  The inference is that the person sweeping stairs is
dogs don't sing. Premise is a person sweeping stairs in a park. It is contradiction to say a dog singing karaoke because dogs don't sing. Premise is a person sweeping stairs in a park. It is contradiction to say
it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a person outside because it is raining because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a person outside because it is raining because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say a person
they are seen on the riverbank. Premise is three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank. It is entailment to say the boats are on the water because they are seen on the river
they are racing. It is neutral to say the boats are racing because they are racing. It is neutral to say the boats are racing because they are racing. It is neutral to say the boats are racing because they are racing.
they are seen on the riverbank.  The inference is that the boats are sailing on the ocean.  The inference is that the boats are sailing on the ocean.  The inference is that
some men are standing on a carpet. It is entailment to say some men are standing on a carpet because some men are standing on a carpet. It is entailment to say some men are standing
they are navy men. It is also neutral to say some men are saluting their superior out of respect because they are men.  The first sentence is neutral. The second sentence is
they are waving hello and speaking to their superior.  Premise is navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by. It is contradiction to say some men are
it is true. It is false to say a baby is getting a bath by his mother because it is false. It is true to say a baby is getting a bath by his mother because it is true. It is
she is not a baby.  Premise is a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink. It is contradiction to say a woman is scrambling eggs because she is not a baby.  Premise is a baby getting a bath
it is in the kitchen sink. Premise is a baby getting a bath because it is in the kitchen sink. Premise is a baby getting a bath because it is in the kitchen sink. Premise is a baby getting a
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  Now, let's say you are trying to
he is not in a suit.  The inference is that the man is sitting on a beach in mexico.
he is at an airport.  Premise is a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of
it is a natural language inference. Premise is three people are standing behind a no skiing sign. It is entailment to say humans standing because it is a natural language inference. Premise is three people are standing behind a no
they are not sitting by a fire.  The inference is that they are standing behind the sign.  The inference is that they are sitting by the fire.  The inference is that they are standing behind
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the mountain. The mountain is neutral. The mountain is not a person. The mountain is not a friend. The mountain is not a
they are all doing the same sign.  Premise is a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar
she is wearing makeup and doing a hand sign.  Premise is a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among
they are all doing the same sign.  The same logic applies to the natural language inference. Premise is a school aged child wearing
she is standing by the barbecue.  Premise is a young woman stands by a barbecue. It is contradiction to say the young woman is asleep in bed because she is standing by the barbecue.  Premise is a young woman
it is not a statement about the young woman. It is a statement about the meat.  The inference is that the young woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue.  The inference is that
they are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper.  Premise is people on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrell
umbrellas are used to protect from rain.  The inference is that the people are sitting on benches in the sunshine.  The inference is that the people
they are holding hands. Premise is entailment to say they are holding hands because they are young. Premise is entailment to say they are young because they are holding hands. Premise is entailment to say they are holding
they are holding hands. But it is not neutral to say a man and woman are holding hands because they are dating.  The inference is that the man and woman are dating because they are holding hands.  The inference
they are holding hands.  Premise is a young couple holding hands in the park. It is contradiction to say two people are ballroom dancing because they are holding hands.  Premise is a young couple holding hands in the
he is standing on it. Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. It is entailment to say the constructon worker is on the building because he is standing on it. Premise is construction worker standing atop an
he is building. Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. It is entailment to say the construction worker is standing because he is building. Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. It is entailment to say the
he is standing atop an unfinished building.  Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. It is contradiction to say the construction worker is dead because he is standing atop an unfinished building.  Premise is construction worker standing atop an
of the laughter.  Now, let's say we have a child who is laughing and playing around. Premise is child is laughing and playing around. It is entailment to say the child is having a good time
it is laughing and playing around.  The inference is that the child is laughing and playing around because it is crying and hurt.  The inference is that the child is crying and hurt because it is laughing and playing around.  The
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the parents.  Now, we can infer that the child is with his parents because he is laughing and playing around. We can infer that the child is with his parents because
it is not necessary to mention the man's gender. The inference is that the man is wearing an apron because he is cooking hamburgers.  The inference is that the man is wearing an apron because he is cooking hamb
he is grilling a hamburger. Premise is entailment to say the man is near the grill because he is near the grill. Premise is entailment to say the man is near the grill because he is grilling a hamb
he is grilling a hamburger.  The inference is that the man is grilling a hamburger because he is swimming at the bottom of the ocean.  The inference is that the man is swimming at the
he is middle-aged.  Premise is a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face. It is entailment to
he is raising his arms.  The inference is that the man is awake.  The inference is that the man is awake because he is raising his arms.
it is not a statement about his race. However, it is a statement about his age and gender.  The inference is that the man is white because he is middle-aged and male
he is bored in a restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a young person appears bored in a restaurant because he is bored in a restaurant. Premise is entailment to say a young person appears bored in a restaurant
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion.  Premise is a young man appears bored in a restaurant.  It is a statement of opinion.  Premise is a young man appears
it is a contradiction to say a young man appears bored in a restaurant.  Premise is a young man appears bored in a restaurant. It is contradiction to say a young woman appears bored in a restaurant because it is a
she is kissing him. Premise is false.  Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise is false. Premise
they are both blond. Premise is entailment to say a man and a woman sharing a kiss on the cheek because they are both brown-haired. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the couple's relationship. Premise is also neutral to say the couple is displaying affection because it is a statement about the couple's relationship. Premise is also neutral to say the couple is displaying
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the tutor.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a statement about the children
it is entailment to say children are writing in notebooks while one stands next to them.  Premise is child in blue polos are sitting around a
they are sitting down.  The inference is that children are sitting down because they are building a sandcastle on the beach.  The inference is that children are sitting
a man on a motorcycle is not driving a horse-driven cart.  The inference is that the man in the hat is driving a horse-driven cart.  The inference is that
he is wearing a hat. It is entailment to say a man is driving because he is wearing a hat. It is entailment to say a man is driving a horse-driven cart because
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the goods.  Premise is a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cob
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the color pink.  Premise is a woman wearing a pink swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach. It is neutral to
she is not kicking a ball.  The inference is that she is lounging on the beach because she is not kicking a ball.  The inference is that she is lounging on
she is kicking a ball on the beach. Premise is entailment to say a woman wearing a swimsuit because she is kicking a ball on the beach. Premise is entailment to say a woman wearing
it is entailment to say a person is climbing a ladder. Premise is a person is climbing a ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff. Premise is entail
he is climbing a ladder.  The inference is that the person is climbing a ladder.  The inference is that the person is climbing a ladder because
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a man is climbing a ladder on a cliff.  Premise is a man
it is a contradiction to say a brown dog is running down the road chasing the mailman. Premise is a brown dog is chasing the mailman. It is contradiction to say a brown dog is
it is entailment to say a dog plays in snow. Premise is a dog plays in snow. It is entailment to say a dog plays in snow because it is entailment to say a dog is a dog.
it's neutral to say it's snowing. It's neutral to say it's snowing because it's neutral to say it's outside. It's neutral to say it's outside because it's neutral to
it is running through a grassy area. Premise is a dog is running through a grassy area. It is entailment to say a dog is outdoors because it is running through a grassy area. Premise
it is not running.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping on the couch.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping on the couch.  The inference is that the dog is
it is not a conclusion. It is a premise.  Premise is a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area. It is neutral to say a dog is running
they are sitting on a blanket.  The inference is that the two women are sitting on a blanket drinking coffee.  The inference is that the two women are sitting on a
it is neutral to say two women are having a picnic on the beach.  Premise is two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore. It is
they are sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore. Premise is two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore. It is entailment to say both women are drinking
she is sitting on the ground in rubble. Premise is young girl is sitting on the ground in rubble. Premise is young girl is sitting on the ground in rubble. Premise is young girl is sitting
of the earthquake. It is not neutral to say the young asian girl has lost her home because of the earthquake.  The second sentence is a natural language inference. Premise is young asian girl is
she is sitting on the ground in rubble. Premise is young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble. It is entailment to say the young asian girl is outside in the rubble
it is not a statement about her personality. It is also neutral to say her favorite candy is strawberry because it is
she is dressed in a halloween costume. Premise is entailment to say a girl has some candy
she is carrying candy and a scythe.  The inference is that the girl is dressed as
he is waiting for the ball to come his way.  Premise is team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way. It is contradiction to say a man is jogging in the park because he
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the shirt.  The same is true for the word "goal". It is a statement about the action. It is not a statement about
he is waiting for the puck to come his way. It is not neutral to say an ice hockey player waits to make his move because he is waiting for the puck to come his way.  Premise
it is entailment to say a person walks down a street next to the bus lane.  Premise is a man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the street.  Now, let's say we
the woman is not a man.  The inference is that the man is not a woman.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the people in the group. It is a statement about the group.  Now, let's say that the group
it is a group of people sitting at a table eating and drinking. Premise is entailment to say a group of people sitting at a table eating and drinking because it is a group of people sitting
they are not sitting at a table.  Premise is a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking. It is contradiction to say a group of people playing monopoly because they are
he is yelling at his son. It is neutral to say he is yelling at his son because he is yelling at his son. It is neutral to say he is yelling at
the yelling man is wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the yelling man is wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the yelling man
he is pointing off-camera.  Premise is man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches. It is
the man is sitting on a statue.  The inference is that the man is not sitting on the statue.  The inference is that the man is not sitting on the statue.  The
it is entailment to say man and woman standing next to each other.  Premise is a man sitting on a statue outdoors, near a woman standing next to him. It is entail
the child is posing for the camera. Premise is a woman poses for a picture with a child. It is entailment to say a child poses for the camera with their mother because the child is posing for the
they are in the same picture.  Premise is a woman poses for a picture with a child. It is entailment to say the woman and child take a picture together because they are in the same picture.
a woman cannot climb a tree.  Premise is a woman poses for a picture with a child. It is contradiction to say a woman and child climb a tree because a woman cannot climb a tree.  Premise
the blanket is wrapped around the baby. Premise is entailment to say the blanket is wrapped around the baby because the blanket is white. Premise is entailment to
the blanket is white.  The inference is that the woman is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.  The inference is that the
it is neutral to say the baby had dark hair. It is also neutral to say the baby had light hair because it is neutral to say the baby had light hair.
he swings the hoop. It is not neutral to say the boy is because he is swinging the hoop.  The inference is that the boy is swinging the hoop because he is a boy.
he is sitting on the floor. Premise is entailment to say a young boy swings because he is sitting on the floor. Premise is entailment to say a young boy swings because he
he is swinging the hoop.  The inference is that the boy is standing up and swinging the hoop.  The inference is that the boy is standing up and swinging the hoop.
she is a young girl.  Premise is a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine. It is contradiction to say a young girl doesn't jump while performing her
she is jumping. Premise is a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine. Premise is entailment to say a young girl is in the middle
she is performing a dance routine.  Premise is a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine. It is entailment to say a young girl is dancing because she is performing a dance
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the tea.  Premise is a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar. It is neutral to say a man is getting ready
he is pouring tea inside of a glass jar.  Premise is a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar. It is contradiction to say a man is drinking moonshine because he is pouring tea inside of
he is pouring tea inside of a glass jar.  Premise is a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar. It is entailment to say a man is pouring a glass of tea because he is
she is climbing it. Premise is entailment to say a girl is climbing a fence because she is on it. Premise is entailment to say a girl is climbing a fence because she is on it. Premise is entailment
she is climbing it. Premise is a girl climbing a fence. It is contradiction to say the girl falls from the fence because she is climbing it. Premise is a girl climbing a fence. It is contradiction to say the girl falls from
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the fence. The fence is a fence. The fence is a girl climbing a fence. The fence is a girl climbing a fence. The fence is a girl
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the act of dancing.  Now let's say we
they are old.  Premise is older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat
they are contemplating a single thought.  Premise is a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought. It is entail
it is not a fact. It is a question. The question is not a fact. The question is a premise. The premise is
it is not a natural language inference.  The problem is that you are trying to apply logic to natural language inference. Natural language inference is not logic. It is a
halloween is not christmas. Premise is true because it is a contradiction. Premise is false because it is not a contradiction. Premise is true because it is a contradiction. Premise is false because
they are thinking about christmas. It is also neutral to say they have their christmas tree out because they are thinking about christmas decorations.  Premise is a young couple thinking about their christmas decorations. It
there are chairs. It is entailment to say there are chairs because there are people. It is entailment to say there are chairs because there are tables. It is entailment to say there are tables because there are chairs. It
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the tacos.  Now, let's say we want to say that the group of people are eating tacos because they are hungry. We can say
it is a natural language inference.  The waiter comes to the table and asks if anyone wants to order. The waiter is a person. The waiter is a waiter because it is a natural language inference.  The
he is an athelete. Premise is an olympian jumps because he is an athelete. Premise is an olympian jumps because he is an athelete. Premise is an olympian jumps because he is an athe
she is old. Premise is an olympian leaps over an obstacle. It is contradiction to say an old woman sleeps in the kitchen because she is old. Premise is an olympian leaps over an obstacle. It is
it is neutral to say a runner crosses the finish line.  Premise is an olympian leaps over an obstacle. It is neutral to say a sprinter hurdles the barrier because it is neutral to say a runner crosses the finish
they are not smiling.  The inference is that the couple is sitting down smiling.  The inference is that the couple is sitting down smiling.  The inference is that the couple is
the woman is linking arms with the man. Premise is a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man. It is entailment to say a couple
they are happy.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a couple sitting down smiling. We can infer that they are happy because they are sitting down and smiling.
nobody holds on to anybody.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value of a sentence from its context. It is a computer program that can infer the truth value
a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby.  Premise is a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the woman holding him.  The inference is that the child is a boy. The inference is that the woman
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the ball.  Premise is a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball. It is
a man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball is not a man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball.  Premise is a man lying on the grass
it is entailment to say a man lying on the grass holding a ball.  The inference is that the man lying on the grass holding a ball is a rugby player
a dog is not eating a treat.  The inference is that the woman is sitting in the chair and the man is going through the SUV.  The inference is that the woman is
it is not a statement about the woman.  The inference is that the woman is waiting for the man to leave because she is going on vacation.  The inference
a man is going through a SUV.  The inference is that the girl is sitting in the chair because the man is going through the SUV.  The inference is that the girl is
it is entailment to say man photographs skier performing a trick because it is entailment to say man photographs skier performing a trick because it is entailment to say man photographs skier performing a
skier is not beating up photographer.  The inference is that skier is beating up photographer.  The inference is that skier is beating up photographer.  The inference is that skier is
it is not about the skier or the photographer. It is about the skier doing a trick.  Now let's say that the skier is a woman. Then the sentence
woman carrying a child is a woman carrying a child. Premise is entailment to say woman carrying a child because woman carrying a child is a woman carrying a child. Premise is entailment to say woman carrying a
it is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman is unhappy because she is carrying a child.  The inference is that the woman is unhappy because she is carrying a child.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the child. The inference is that the woman is unhappy because she is carrying a child.  The inference is that the woman is unhappy because
it is not a statement about the men's gender.  The inference is that the men
they are wearing different coloured shirts.  The inference is that the men are wearing different
the scene is filled with men wearing pink shirts.  The inference is that most of the
she is carrying a basket up the street. Premise is entailment to say the woman is carrying a basket down the street because
she is carrying a basket on her back.  The inference is that the woman is carrying a basket on
it is not a statement about the woman's gender.  Now, let's say we want to say that the
it is neutral to say two dogs fighting over a piece of fabric in front of a crowd.  Premise is a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.
they are fighting over a piece of fabric. Premise is a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. Premise is entailment to say two dogs fighting over a piece of
it is a contradiction to say a group of dogs fighting over a piece of fabric.  Premise is a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. It is contradiction to
she is eating a peach. Premise is a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach. Premise is a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach. Premise is a young girl with blond-hair eating
there is a peach present. Premise is entailment to say there is fruit present because there is a peach present. Premise is entailment to say there is fruit present because there is a peach present. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the girl. However, it is a statement about the times of old.  Premise is a young girl eating a peach. It is neutral
she doesn't know what a sandwich is.  The inference is that the
they are wearing a parachute.  The inference is that the person is jumping out of a plane because they are
they are eating and looking to their right. It is entailment to say a person is eating because they are eating and looking
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we have a sentence like "The table is red." It is a statement
it is entailment to say people talk and drink beer while sitting around a table outside.  Premise is several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table. It is entail
it is not specific to any one person.  Now, let's say we want to say that several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table. We can say that
he is a businessman. It is contradiction to say a businessman eats lunch in the cafe because he is a businessman. It is contradiction to say a businessman eats lunch in
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's behavior.  The homeless man is begging because he is homeless.
he is dirty and shirtless. Premise is entailment to say a homeless man begs because he is dirty and shirtless. Premise is entailment to say a homeless
he is shoveling the snow. The man is clearing his driveway because he shovels the snow. The man is clearing his driveway because he shovels the snow. The man is clearing his driveway because he
he shovels the snow.  The inference is natural because it is a logical inference. Premise is a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall. It
he shovels the snow.  The inference is that the man shoveling the snow is playing the guitar.  The inference is that the man shoveling the snow is playing the guitar.
he is wearing a gray suit.  The inference is that the man is riding in a spaceship to the moon because he is wearing a gray suit
it is a statement about a man. It is not a statement about a jug.  Premise is a man with white hair wearing a gray suit
he is wearing a gray suit and has white hair. Premise is entailment to say a man is speaking because he is wearing a gray suit and has white hair. Prem
he is holding on to a rope.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence "a man is holding on to a rope" as a sentence that
he is holding on to a rope. Premise is entailment to say a man is afloat because he is sitting in an inflatable boat. Premise is
he is holding on to a rope. Premise is a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inf
clothing is not sold at the stall.  The inference is that people are buying fruits and vegetables from the stand.  The inference is that people are buying
they are buying them. It is also neutral to say the people are buying fruits and vegetables because they are inspecting them.  The inference is that the people are buying fruits and vegetables because they
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market. It is entailment to
it is a neutral statement. The dog is playing with his owner because he is playing with his owner. The dog is playing with his owner because he is playing with his owner. The dog is playing with his owner because he is
they are not dogs.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of the premise. It is a program that can infer the truth of the premise. It is a program that can infer the truth of the premise. It
it is loving. Premise is entailment to say a dog is looking up because it is small. Premise is entailment to say a dog is looking up because it is looking up. Premise is entailment to say a
it is brown and white. Premise is a dog is chained up near a red chair. It is entailment to say the dog is chained to a chair because it is brown and white. Premise is
it is chained up.  The inference is that the dog is chained up because it is a brown and white dog.  The inference is that the dog is chained up because it is a brown and
it is sitting. It is neutral to say the dog is chained because it is chained. It is neutral to say the dog is chained up because it is chained. It is neutral to say the dog is chained up because it is
it is not a statement about her character. It is a statement about the environment.  The inference is that she is out camping near water because
she is looking at a map outdoors, a river and boats are behind her.  The problem is that the
she is wearing a red shirt.  The inference engine is able to infer that the girl is buying a cup of coffee because she is wearing a red
he is protesting against unlawful sex. The inference is that the man is protesting against unlawful sex.  The inference is that the man is protesting against unlawful sex.  The inference is that the man is protesting against
he is protesting against something he doesn't believe in.  The man protests against unlawful sex because he believes in unlawful sex.  The man protests against unlawful sex because he believes in unlawful sex.
he is african american. It is entailment to say the man protests because he is protesting unlawful sex. It is entailment to say the man protests because he is protesting unlawful sex because he is african american. It is
it is entailment to say a person in a uniform is helping another person in a uniform. Premise is entailment to say a person in a uniform because it
somebody is wearing a uniform.  The inference is that the young woman in the blue uniform is helping the young woman in the blue sweatshirt.  The inference
it is not specific to one person.  The inference is that the person in the blue uniform is helping the person in the blue sweatshirt because they are both
they are either fighting or playing together.  The inference is that the dogs are fighting.  The inference is that the dogs are playing.  The inference is that the dogs are sleeping.  The inference is that the
it is not a conclusion. It is a conclusion to say the dogs are playing together because it is a conclusion.  The inference is that the dogs are playing together because they are in a meadow.  The inference is that
there are at least two dogs. Premise is two dogs either fighting or playing together. It is entailment to say there are at least two dogs because there are at least two dogs. Premise is two dogs either fighting or playing together
there are boys in the gym. It is entailment to say there are boys in the gym because there are boys in the gym. It is entailment to say there
they are stretching their legs.  The inference is that the boys are studying for a test.  The inference is that the boys are studying for a
they are boys.  Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in
they are young boys wearing track jackets. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is
they are sitting in a circle.  Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in
they are young and wearing black is a band.  Premise is a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone.
it is entailment to say a group of musicians wearing black. Premise is entailment to say a group of musicians because it is entailment to say a group of musicians wearing black
the band members are not athletes.  The inference is that the band members are musicians.  The inference is that the band members are musicians because they are wearing black.
she is sitting on the floor. Premise is entailment to say the woman is near her dog because she is sitting on the floor. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about her gender. Premise is a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket is
she is sitting on the floor.  The inference is that the woman is sitting on the floor because she is swimming in the ocean.  The inference is
they are wearing white shirts and shorts.  The inference is that the two men are selling bikes and m
they are sitting in a living room.  The inference is natural because it is a
it is a natural inference.  The inference is natural because it is based on the
they are men. It is entailment to say men look at their bikes because they are sitting in a room. It is entailment to say men look at their bikes because they are sitting in a
they are men. It is not neutral to say men prepare to fix their damaged bikes because they are men and they are preparing to fix their damaged bikes.  The second example is a natural
it is a contradiction to say three men ride bikes through the park.  The inference is that the men are riding bikes.  The inference is that the men are riding bikes.
they are running down a hallway. Premise is two boys running down a hallway. Premise is two boys running down a hallway. Premise
it is not a statement about the boys themselves. It is a statement about the game they are playing.  The inference is that the boys are playing
it is not saying anything about him. But if you say he is holding literature, you are saying something about him.  Now, if you are trying to infer the man is holding literature, you can do it by
he is holding literature. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding literature because he is holding literature. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding literature because he is holding literature. Premise is entailment to
he is holding a knife.  The inference is that the chef is cooking stew because he is holding a knife.  The inference is that the chef is cooking stew because he is holding a knife.  The inference is that
man is reaching into a bag. Premise is entailment to say man walks past women because man is reaching into a bag. Premise is entailment to say man walks past women because man is
he is watching movie at home.  The inference is that the man in the jean jacket is reaching into the bag and walking past the two women.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the women's reaction to the mans looks.  Now, if you want to say that the women are commenting on the
he balances a unicycle using his face and both hands. It is neutral to say a man is working for a circus because he balances a unicycle using his face and both hands. It is neutral to say a
he is balancing a unicycle.  The inference is that the man is sleeping on the floor.  The inference is that the man is sleeping on the floor.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the unicycle.  Premise is a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands. It is neutral to say a man is
she is oriental. Premise is entailment to say she shoots archery because she is oriental. Premise is entailment to say she shoots archery because she is oriental. Premise is entailment to say she
she is wearing glasses. But it is not neutral to say she is oriental because she is wearing glasses.  The inference is that she is oriental because she is wearing glasses.  The inference is that she is americ
she is not a man.  The inference is that the man is talking to the woman. The inference is that the woman is drinking from the mason jar. The inference is that the woman is not
it is not a statement about the man's gender. It is neutral to say a man offers a woman a beer because it is not a statement about the woman's gender. It is neutral to say a man offers
he is holding a pink cooler. Premise is a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman. Premise is a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman. Premise is a
it is a neutral statement.  Now let's say we have
it is not snow covered ground.  The inference is that the group of people standing on the snow covered ground are enjoying a hot sunny
there is snow on the ground.  Now, let's say we have a group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are
he is bored.  Now, we can use the same reasoning to infer that the kid is lying down on the train because he is bored.  Now, we can use the same
he is bored.  The inference is that the kid is lying down and bored.  The inference is that the kid is lying down and bored.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the kid. It is a statement about the train.  Now, we can say that the kid is riding the train from new york
they are sitting on a rock beside a waterfall. It is also neutral to say a person is taking a break from walking because they are sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.  Premise is a person sitting on a
they are sitting on a rock beside a waterfall. Premise is entailment to say a person is near water because they are sitting on a rock beside a waterfall. Premise is entailment to say a person is near water because they
he is sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.  The inference is that the person is going for a run.  The inference is that the person is going for a run.  The inference is that the person
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman is finishing a marathon race because she is finishing a race. Premise is entailment to say a woman is finishing a marathon race because she is finishing a race. Premise
she is in first place. But it is not neutral to say the woman is in first place because she is a woman. The inference is that the woman is in first place because she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is
she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is going to finish the race.  The inference is that the woman is going to finish the race.  The inference is that the woman is going to finish
it is contradictory to say two men fighting over ice cream.  The inference is that the two men fighting over ice cream are fighting over ice cream.  The inference is that the two men fighting over ice cream are fighting over ice cream.
it is not saying anything about the people shining shoes. It is not saying anything about the people shining shoes because it is not saying anything about the people shining shoes. It is not saying anything about the people shining shoes because it is not saying anything about
it is entailment to say men shining shoes. It is entailment to say men shining shoes because it is entailment to say men shining shoes. It is entailment to say men shining shoes because it is entailment to say men shining shoes. It is
he examined a bike. Premise is entailment to say a man examined a bike because he is at a yard sale. Premise is entailment to say a man examined a bike because he is at a yard sale because
a woman examines a bike. Premise is a woman examines a bike during a yard sale. Premise is a woman examines a bike during a yard sale. Premise is a woman examines a bike during a yard sale. Premise is
he examines it. It is also neutral to say the man wants to buy a bike because he examines it during a yard sale.  The inference is that the man wants to buy a bike because he examines it during a yard
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called,'sara's old fashioned ice cream.. It is contradiction to say the man is old because he is standing near his bike. Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called,'sara's old fashioned ice cream.. It is contradiction to say
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called,'sara's old fashioned ice cream.. It is neutral to say the young man is getting ice cream because he is standing near the shop. But it is not neutral to say he is getting ice cream because he is standing near the shop. It is not neutral to say he
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called,'sara's old fashioned ice cream.. It is entailment to say the young man is standing because he is waiting for his bike to be repaired. Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called,'sara's old fashioned ice cream..
he is standing outside of an ice cream shop.
he is riding his bike. It is also neutral
he is standing outside of an ice cream
it is not necessary to specify the men who are polishing the shoes of business men.  Now, let's say we want to say that some men are polishing the shoes of business men. We can say that
they are working outside polishing shoes.  The inference is that the men are working together.  The inference is that the men are working together.  The inference is that the men are working together.  The inference is
they work outside. It is entailment to say some men work outside because they are polishing shoes. It is entailment to say some men are polishing shoes because they are men. It is entailment to say some men are men
she is wearing a black hat and glasses. Premise is entailment to say a girl is outside in the snow because she is making a snow angel. Premise is entailment to say a girl is
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the snow mountain.  Premise is a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses. It is neutral to say
she is wearing a hat and glasses.  The inference is that the girl is at the beach because she is wearing a hat and glasses.  The inference is that the girl is at the beach because she
it is not a statement about the couple.  Premise is an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.
they are elderly. Premise is true because it is entailment.  Premise is true because it is entailment. Premise is true because it
the tourists would have noticed the nails.  The inference is that the tourists would have noticed the nails.  The inference is that the tourists would
he is shirtless. It is not neutral to say a shirtless man is doing his hobby because he is rock climbing.  The inference is that the man is rock climbing because he is shirtless.  The inference is that the man
she is wearing a shirt.  The inference is that the shirtless man is climbing stairs.  The inference is that the shirtless man is climbing stairs. Premise is a shirtless man rock climbs. It is contradiction to say a woman
he is shirtless. It is entailment to say a man is shirtless because he is outside. It is entailment to say a man is shirtless because he is outside. It is entailment to say a man is shirtless because he is
it is not specified whether it is indoors or outdoors. The inference is that the animal is indoors.  The inference is that the animal is indoors. Premise is a dog plays with a stuffed animal. It is neutral to say the animal is indoors
it is neutral to say the dog is enjoying himself. But it is not neutral to say the dog is enjoying himself because it is not neutral to say the dog is enjoying himself.  The same goes for the sentence "The dog is enjoying himself
it is a toy. But it is not neutral to say the dog is chewing on his toy because it is a dog. The dog is a dog. The toy is a toy. The dog is chewing on the toy. The toy is
he sailed over white steps. It is also neutral to say the skater was elated because he sailed over white steps. It is also neutral to say the skater was elated because he sailed over white steps. It is also neutral
he sailed over them. Premise is a skateboarder sails over white steps. It is entailment to say the skater jumped high over the steps because he sailed over them. Premise is a skateboarder sails
the dog is a skateboarder.  The inference is that the dog jumped over the steps.  The inference is that the dog jumped over the steps.  The inference is that the dog jumped over the steps.
they are not sleeping.  The inference is that they are sleeping.  The inference is that they are sleeping because they are men.  The inference is that they are sleeping because they are
it is not gender specific. However, it is not neutral to say 2 men are working construction because it is gender specific.  The same goes for the word "man". It is neutral to
it is entailment to say 2 males are outside with a hat on.  Premise is two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street
of it. It is also neutral to say a man laughs and looks back because of a funny joke.  Now, let's say that the man laughs because he hears a funny joke. Then, it
he is laughing and walking.  The inference is that the man is laughing and walking because he is falling down on the ground.  The inference is that the man is laughing and walking because he is falling down on the
he is walking. Premise is entailment to say a man is walking because he is laughing. Premise is entailment to say a man is walking because he is looking back. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the business.  The same goes for the sentence "Premise is a happy woman". It is not a
she is happy.  The inference is that the woman is singing to herself because she is happy.  The inference is that the woman is singing to herself because she is happy.
she is happy.  The inference is that the woman is happy because she stands by a business that displays a closed sign
she is having a good time. Premise is a woman is singing because she is having a good time is entailment to say a woman is singing because she is wearing a dress. Premise is a woman is singing because
she is not singing. Premise is a woman is singing and having a good time. It is contradiction to say a woman is singing and having a bad time because she is not singing. Premise is a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the song.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the woman. It is
it is a dog. Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Premise is a dog is
it is true. It is false to say a small dog is walking down the front steps because it is false. It is true to say a dog is walking down the front steps because it is true. It is false to say a
a dog is walking down steps.  Premise is a dog is walking down steps. It is contradiction to say a dog is laying on the couch because a dog is walking down steps.  Premise is a dog is walking down
she is sitting next to him.  Premise is women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep. It is entailment to say a
she is proud of him.  The inference is that she is proud of him because he is strong.  The inference is that she is proud of him
he is standing and holding his bicep.  The inference is that the man intentionally knocked the women out.  The inference is that the man intentionally knocked the women out.
they are in a room with artifacts. The inference is that people throw things at the display because they are in a room with artifacts.  The inference
they are near a display.  The inference is that people stand in front of a display because they are near a display.  The
it is not a natural language inference.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is a natural language inference. The
he talks to the guards. Premise is a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink. It is entailment to say the man is holding a drink because he talks to the guards. Premise is a
he is holding a drink. The guards are not scuba divers. Conclusion is the man is not scuba diving because he is holding a drink.  The inference is that the man is not scuba diving because he
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The guards are guards because they are guards. The prisoner is a prisoner because he is a prisoner. The prisoner is holding a drink because he is
it is not a statement about the pedestrians. It is a statement about the tram.  Premise is a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait
they are waiting for the tram to pass. Premise is entailment to say pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street because they are waiting for the tram to
it is contradictory to say a tram goes down a busy street with no one around.  Premise is a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait
a boy is playing. Premise is a woman and a baby are watching a boy play. It is entailment to say a woman and a baby watching because a boy is playing. Premise is a woman and a baby
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the woman. The boy is a boy because it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's mother. The boy is a boy
she is watching the boy play.  The inference is that the woman is watching the boy play at home.  The inference is that the woman is watching the boy play at home.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about her gender.  Now, let's say we want to infer that she is waiting for
she is wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.  Premise is a young
it is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman is reading a book because she is a woman.  The inference is that
the clown has fallen off the horse. Premise is it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse. It is entailment to say the clown has fallen off the horse because the clown has fallen off the horse.
the clown fell off the horse.  The inference is that the clown fell off the horse.  The inference is that the clown fell off the horse.  The inference is that the clown fell off
it is not a fact that the clown fell off the horse. It is a fact that the clown fell off the horse at the state fair rodeo. The inference is that the clown fell off
he is angry. It is not neutral to say a business man is giving a heated interview because he is angry because he is a business man.  The same goes for the word "because".
she is a woman.  Premise is a man in a business suit screaming at the camera. It is contradiction to say a woman is yelling at a camera because she is a woman.  Premise is a
he is yelling at a camera. Premise is entailment to say a man is yelling at a camera because he is yelling at a camera. Premise is entailment to say a man is yelling at a camera because
they are sitting and laying down together.  Premise is a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a
they are sitting together. However, it is not neutral to say the chinese people are family members because they are laying down together.  The inference is that
they are sitting down.  The inference is that the group of chinese people are eating dinner at kfc because they are sitting down.
it is a natural thing to do. But it is not neutral to say a child uses their imagination because they are creative. It is neutral to say a child uses their imagination because they are imaginative. But it is not neutral to say a
it is entailment to say a child made a sand castle. Premise is a child on a beach because it is entailment to say a child made a sand castle. Premise is a child on a beach because it is entail
it is not a child doing homework. Conclusion is that the child is doing homework.  Premise: A child is making a sand castle on the beach.  Conclusion: The child is doing homework.  Premise: A
the picture is a picture of two people and two motorbikes
the sled is moving backwards.  The inference
it is not a statement
he is wearing a white shirt and black pants.  The inference is that the man is wearing a white shirt and black pants because he is falling down
a woman is not a man.  The inference is that the man is the subject of the sentence. The inference is that the man is the subject of the
he is wearing a white shirt and black pants. Premise is entailment to say a man falls down onto a bed because he is wearing a white shirt
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the race.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a statement about
they are racing one another. Premise is two girls are racing one another on rollerskates. Premise is two girls are racing one another on roll
they are both on rollerskates.  The inference is that the girls are racing on rollerskates.  Now, let's
she is wearing jeans and a gray sweater. It is also neutral to say she is on her way home because she is wearing jeans and a gray sweater.  Now, suppose Premise is a young
she is wearing jeans and a sweater. Premise is a young woman wearing jeans and a sweater. Premise is a young woman standing on her hands because she is wearing jeans and a sweater. Prem
she is wearing jeans and a gray sweater. Premise is a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street. It is entailment to say a woman is walking because she is wearing jeans and
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the barber. The barber is shaving the man's face. The barber is
they are both men with large mustaches.  Premise is a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him. It is
the man with the mustache is watching the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him.  The inference is that the man with the mustache is watching the
they are women.  Premise is woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder. It is entail
they are tired. It is neutral to say the friends retire home after going to the farmer's market because they are hungry. It is neutral to say the
they are carrying food in baskets.  The inference is that they fight over the food they bought because they are carrying food in baskets.  The inference is that they
they are wearing green raincoats. Premise is two people wear green raincoats because they sit on bleachers. Premise is two people wear green raincoats because they sit on
it is true. It is also true that two women in raincoats sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game. It is also
it is impossible to fall asleep on green bleachers.  Premise is two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty. It is contradiction to
they are working. It is entailment to say they are working because they are equipment. It is entailment to say they are equipment because they are working. It is entailment to say they are working because they are equipment
it is not a statement about the road crew.  The road crew is working on a road with equipment around them is a statement about the road crew.
they are working on a road.  Premise is a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them. It is contradiction to say a group of men are sitting around a conference table
they are walking away from the bus stop. It is also neutral to say the couple are walking towards the wrong bus stop because they are walking towards the bus stop.
there are people outside. Premise is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people outside. Premise is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people outside.
there are people outside of the store.  The inference is that there are people inside of the store.  The inference is that there are people inside of the store.
it is a contradiction to say two men are wearing black jackets.  The inference is that the two men are wearing black jackets.  The inference is that the two women are wearing red.  The inference is that the
they are behind a white handrail. Premise is entailment to say the two men are behind a white handrail because they are wearing black jackets. Premise is entailment to say the two men are behind a
they are wearing black jackets. It is also neutral to say the two men are friends because they are behind a white handrail.  Now, let's say we have a third man in black jacket. He is not behind a
she is walking down the street. Premise is entailment to say an elderly woman is shown outside because she is walking down the street. Premise is entailment to say an elderly woman is shown outside because she is walking down the street
she is walking down the street. Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  The inference is that the elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home.  The inference is that the elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home.
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about her doctor appointment. Premise is a statement about her doctor appointment. Premise is a statement about her doctor appointment. Premise is a statement about her doctor appointment
it is entailment to say a human is walking down the street. Premise is an old woman walking down the street. Premise is entailment to say a human in motion because it is entailment to say a human is walking down the street
it is not a statement about her religion. It is a statement about her age. It is not a statement about her religion.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like this:  Premise: A woman on her way
the young women is not an old woman.  The inference is that the old woman is walking down the street.  The inference is that the old woman is walking down the street.  The inference is that the old woman
the sign is not smeared with paint.  The inference is that the man is holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.  The inference is that the man is holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.
it is not a statement about his political beliefs. It is a statement about his sexual orientation.  The inference is that the man is gay because he is holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.  The inference is that the
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say the person holds a sign because he is holding a sign of a rainbow elephant. Premise is entailment to say the person holds a sign because he is holding a sign of
he has two dogs playing. Premise is entailment to say a man has two dogs playing because he has two dogs playing. Premise is entailment to say a man has two dogs playing because he has two dogs playing. Prem
they are brown. It is also neutral to say the man is playing fetch with his own dogs.  Premise is a man playing fetch with two brown dogs. It is neutral to say the dogs are adopted because they are brown. It is
they are brown. Premise is false. Conclusion is that the man is playing fetch with two brown dogs. Conclusion is true.  Premise is a man playing fetch with two brown dogs. Premise is contradiction to say the dogs are asleep
it is not clear whether he is stealing it or just touching it.  The inference is that the man is stealing the sculpture.  The inference is that the man is stealing the sculpture. Premise is
the man is dressed all in black.  Premise is a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture. It is entailment to say there is a sculture because the man is dressed
he is dressed all in black.  The inference is that the man is robbing a bank.  The inference is that the man is robbing a bank.  The inference is that the man is robbing
pedicure is a foot massage. So we have to infer that child is getting a pedicure.  So we have to infer that child is getting a pedicure.  So we have to infer that child is getting
child is getting pedicure.  Premise is this child is getting a pedicure. It is entailment to say child getting pedicure because child is getting pedicure.  Premise is this child is
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. It is a hypothesis that is true or false. It is a hypothesis that is true or false. It is a hypothesis that is true or false. It is a hypothesis that is
everybody is bald.  The inference is that the woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman.  The inference is that the woman with her hair
she is having her head shaved by another woman. Premise is a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman. It is entail
it is neutral to say a tall person. It is not neutral to say a tall person with hair because it is not neutral to say a tall person.  The inference is that
instructor is at fair.  The instructor is at fair because he is a basket weaver.  The instructor is a basket weaver because he is sitting at home.  The instructor is sitting at home because he is a basket
it is a natural language inference. Premise is entailment to say a basket weaving instructor at the fair because it is a natural language inference. Premise is entailment to say a basket weaving instructor at the fair because it is a natural
it is not a statement about the instructor. It is a statement about the fair.  The instructor is teaching a class at the fair. The instructor is teaching a class at the fair. The instructor is teaching a class at
they are discussing a work related paper.  The first man says "I think it's a work related paper." The
they are not wearing shirts.  The inference engine will analyze the text and find out that the guys are having a party at the
they are discussing their blueprints.  The inference is that the men are discussing their blueprints because they are discussing their blueprints.
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  The inference is that the person is a man because the inference is that the person is a person
he has braided hair and gray sweatshirt covers his mouth. Premise is entailment to say a man sits in a purple chair because he has braided hair and
baldness is a condition that affects the hair. Premise is a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair.
they are visible behind the group of young men. Premise is a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse. It is entail
it is not a statement about the content of their conversation. It is a statement about the context of their conversation.  Now, let's say the same group of
they are not visible behind the group of young men.  The inference is that the young men are walking because they are visible behind the group of young men.  The inference is
she is swinging. It is neutral to say a young lady is swinging because she is playing outside. It is neutral to say a young lady is swinging because she is playing outside. It is neutral to say a young lady is swinging because she is playing outside.
she is a child. Premise is a child swings. It is entailment to say a child swings because she swings. Premise is a child swings. It is entailment to say a child swings because she swings. Premise is a child swings. It
it is not a girl.  Premise is a small girl is swinging. It is contradiction to say a puppy barks at a girl because it is not a girl.  Premise is a small girl is swinging. It is contradiction
volleyball is a sport played by men.  Premise is a group of men playing rugby on the sand. It is contradiction to say a group of woman play volleyball in a court because volleyball is a sport played by
it is not a statement about the men playing rugby. It is a statement about the beach.  Premise is a group of men playing rugby on the sand. It is neutral to say a rugby team plays a
it is entailment to say a group of men playing sports in the sand because it is entailment to say a group of men playing sports in the sand because it is entailment to say a group of men playing
she is wearing white. Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight. It is entailment to say it is a sunny day because she is wearing white. Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight
she is beautiful. Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight. It is entailment to say a girl is wearing a dress because she is beautiful. Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight
it is dark outside.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. It is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. It is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. It is trained to recognize the
it is snowing. Premise is a toddler is walking over snow. It is entailment to say a toddler is outside because it is snowing. Premise is a toddler is walking over snow. It is entailment to say a toddler
it is not a statement about the toddler. It is a statement about the snow.  Premise is a bundled up toddler is walking over snow. It is neutral to say a toddler is very cold because it is not a statement about the
sand is not snow.  Premise is a bundled up toddler is walking over snow. It is contradiction to say a toddler walking in sand because sand is not snow.  Premise is a bundled up toddler is walking over snow.
the crowd is there.  Premise is a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd. It is entailment to say a fire performer performing before a crowd because the crowd is there. Premise
it is not a contradiction to say a man in pants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks.  The inference is that the man in pants and t-shirt is a dancer.
it is not a statement about the dancer. It is a statement about the crowd.  The same is true for the statement "The dancer is about to breath fire out before the crowd." It is
he straps surfboards on his car. Premise is entailment to say a man secures surfboards on his car because he straps surfboards on his car. Premise is entailment to
it does not specify whether he is a surfer or not. However, if we say a man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing, we can infer that
he is not sitting on the couch.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the couch.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the couch.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the scissors.  Now, let's say that the woman is using scissors on a net. It is not a statement about the
tape is not a small scissors.  The inference is that a woman is using a small scissors on a large net.  The inference is that a woman is using a small scissors on a large net
it is entailment to say a woman is using scissors on a net. Premise is a woman is using scissors on a net. It is entailment to say a woman is using
they are not talking.  The inference is that the men are talking because they are sitting in silence.  The inference is that the men are talking because they are sitting in silence.  The inference is that the men
they are talking. It is entailment to say two men are talking because they are talking about something worth having. It is entailment to say two men are talking about something worth having because they are talking about something else worth having. It
a child is bowling.  Premise is a child bowling at the bowling alley. It is contradiction to say a professional bowling team wins the championship because a child is bowling. Conclusion is a child bowling at the bowling alley. It is
it is not a statement about the bowling alley. It is neutral to say a girl is bowling against her daddy because it is not a statement about the bowling alley. It is neutral to say a girl is bowling against her daddy because it is
there are people celebrating in the street. It is entailment to say there are people celebrating in the street because there are people celebrating in the street. It is entailment to say there are people celebrating in the street because there are people
it is not a statement about the birthday itself. It is a statement about the people celebrating.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "People are celebrating their friend's birthday". This sentence is ambiguous. It
they were celebrating.  The inference is that people celebrating in the street got shot by a sniper.  The inference is that people celebrating in the street got shot by a sniper.  The inference is that people
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the action they are doing.  Now, let's say we want to say that the men are cooking
it is contradictory to say three guys are in a swimming pool.  The inference is that the three guys are in a kitchen because they are in a kitchen.
they are standing inside a house near each other.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  The three men are standing
they are smiling at the camera.  The inference is a logical inference. Premise is two women wearing red are smiling at the camera. It is entailment to say smiling at the camera the two women wore
they are smiling at the camera.  The inference is that the women wearing red dresses are smiling at the camera.  The inference is that the women wearing blue dresses are smiling at the camera
she was smiling.  The inference is that the woman in red is smiling because she is wearing the same red smock.  The inference is that the woman in red is smiling because she is
he hasn't jumped well.  The inference is that the long jumper will try to beat the person before him.
there is someone attempting to jump the longest distance possible. Premise is a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition. It is entailment
he is jumping a hurdle. Premise is a long jumper is jumping a hurdle because he is jumping a hurdle. Premise is a long jumper is jumping a hurdle because he is
they are not looking through cd's.  The natural language inference is that the man and woman are looking through cd's at a street vendor.  The natural language inference is that the man and woman
they are tired. It is not neutral to say a man and woman are taking a break because they are tired.  The inference is that the man and woman are tired because they are taking a break.
they are looking through cd's at a street vendor. It is entailment to say a man and women shopping because they are looking through cd's at a street vendor. It is entailment to say a man and women
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement
it is raining outside.  The inference is that the man is walking
it is not necessary to specify the number of camels
she is holding a flower.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the statement. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the statement.  The inference engine
she is a girl. But it is not neutral to say she is cute because she is wearing a flower. The inference is that she is cute because she is wearing a flower.  The inference is that she is cute because she is
she is wearing a colorful shirt. Premise is entailment to say the girl is wearing a colorful shirt because she is holding a flower. Premise is entailment to say the girl is holding a flower because she is wearing
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the person on the phone. It is a statement about the weather.  Now, let
they were talking on their cellphone.  The natural language inference is that the person was talking on their cellphone and was hit
it is entailment to say there is a person walking down the street.  Premise is this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy
they are not posing. The inference is that the dogs are posing on the mountain.  The inference is that the dogs are posing on the mountain.  The inference is that the dogs are posing on the mountain.
they are happy. It is also neutral to say they are all smiling because they are posing for a picture.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is a logical inference.  The first sentence is a
they are posing on the side of the mountain.  Premise is three people are posing on the side of a mountain. It is entailment to say the three people are posing at the mountain because they are
she is in a bathing suit. Premise is young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool. Premise is entailment to say a
it is not a dog.  Premise is young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool. It is contradiction to
they are having fun. It is neutral to say a child is playing with other children at a birthday party. It is neutral to say a child is playing
naked kids play on the muddy riverbank.  Premise is naked children play on the muddy riverbank. It is entailment to say the riverbank was played on by nudity of kids because naked kids play
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the riverbank.  Premise is naked children play on the muddy riverbank. It is neutral to
it is muddy.  The inference is that the riverbank is muddy because children play on it.  The inference is that children play on the muddy riverbank because it is muddy.  The inference is that the riverbank
it is not necessary to specify the gender. However, it is necessary to specify the swimmer's gender because it is necessary to specify the swimmer's identity.  The inference
it is not a statement about the swimmer's gender.  Premise is a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in
she is wearing a pink bikini.  The inference is that the swimmer is wearing a pink costume because she is a female swimmer.  The inference is that
he is standing on a beach. Premise is entailment to say a man is standing on a beach because he is wearing a hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a hat because he is fishing. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the trip.  Premise is a statement about the trip. It is not a statement about the man.  Premise is a statement about the trip. It is
he is fishing.  Premise is a silhouette of a man fishing. It is contradiction to say a man is sleeping because he is fishing.  Premise is a silhouette of a man fishing. It is contradiction to say a man is sleeping because
he is hammering nails. It is also neutral to say the man is hammering nails because he is repairing the shed. The inference is that the man is repairing the shed because he is hammering nails.  Premise is a man
he is hammering nails. But it is not neutral to say the man is a handyman because he is hammering nails on a shed. The second sentence is a natural language inference. The man is a handyman because he is hammer
the man is hammering nails on it.  Premise is a man hammering nails on a shed. It is contradiction to say the shed is made of t-shirts because the man is hammering nails on it.
he enjoys swimming.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentences:  Premise: Person enjoys sunny day paragliding.  Conclusion: Person enjoys swimming.  The inference engine is trained to
it is sunny. It is entailment to say a person is enjoying the scenery because it is sunny because it is sunny. It is entailment to say a person is enjoying the scenery because it is sunny because it is
he enjoys a sunny day.  The inference is that the person enjoys a sunny day.  The inference is that the person enjoys a sunny day.  The inference is that the person enjoys a sunny day.
he is a cowboy. Premise is that a man is wearing a baseball cap because he is a baseball player. Premise is that a man
there are two men. It is entailment to say there are two men because there is crowd. It is entailment to say there is crowd because there are two
it is not a statement about the men's identities. It is also neutral to say the hat is a cowboy hat because it is not a statement
it is not a statement about the class. It is a statement about the picture.  The class is holding hands because it is a statement about the picture.  The class is holding hands because it is a statement about the
the children are posing for picture with stormtrooper.  The inference is that the stormtrooper is attacking the children.  The inference is that the stormtrooper is attacking the children.  The
the stormtrooper is asian.  The inference is that the stormtrooper is asian because the stormtrooper is posing for a picture with an asian.  The inference is that the storm
a man driving a car is not a police officer.  The inference is that the man driving a car is not a police officer.  The inference is that the man driving a car is not a police
the police officer is standing next to his motorbike.  Now, let's say that the police officer is standing next to his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket. It is entailment
it is not a statement about the officer's gender. However, it is a statement about the officer's gender if the officer is a man.  The inference is that the officer is a man because
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the girls' relationship to their family.  Premise is
they are laughing. Premise is two young girls are laughing because they are standing under a fountain of water. It is entailment to say two young girls are standing under a fountain of
they are laughing while standing under a fountain of water.  The inference is that the girls are laughing because they are riding roller coasters.  The inference is that the girls are laughing because
it is not specific to any one man.  The inference is that the man holding up the drink is the one who is laughing.  The inference is that the man holding up the drink is
he is wearing a business suit.  Premise is a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs. It is entailment to say a man drinking with others because he is wearing
he is laughing.  The inference is that the man is laughing because he is crying.  The inference is that the man is crying because he is laughing.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the clown. It is a statement about the makeup. The makeup is neutral because it is not a statement about the clown. The makeup is a statement about the clown because it is
clowning around is not in the bedroom.  Premise is clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup. It is contradiction to say fooling around in the bedroom because clowning around is not in the bedroom.
toothpaste makeup is a subset of clowning around in the bathroom. Premise is entailment to say fooling around in the bathroom because toothpaste makeup is a subset of clowning around in the bathroom. Premise is
a woman cannot ride a horse on the beach.  The inference is that a woman cannot ride a horse on the beach because she is tired from her long day.
she is tired.  The inference is that she is lying in bed because she is tired.  The inference is that she is lying in bed because she is tired.
she is tired. But it is not neutral to say she is taking a nap because she is above the sheets and covers. The latter is a factually incorrect statement.  The
it is entailment to say a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam. Premise is a human in snow because it is entailment to say a human in snow is a woman. Premise is a
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the woman is about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air
the container produces steam.  The inference is that the container produces steam. The inference is that the container produces steam. The inference is that the container produces steam. The inference is that the container produces steam.
you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing.  Premise is you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere. It is entail
you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere.  The inference is that the boys are sitting down because you can see the bottom halves of three
it is a fact. The inference is that the boys are in new york because they are standing on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the boys are in new york
he is wearing a checkered shirt. Premise is entailment to say the guy is wearing a checkered shirt because he is sitting on a bench. Prem
it is not a statement about him. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we want to say that the guy is waiting for his wife
he is wearing a checkered shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a checkered shirt. The inference is not that the man is wearing a checkered
he is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport. But it is not neutral to say the man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport because he is waiting for
he is sitting on the bench.  Premise is a man siting on a bench with a briefcase. It is contradiction to say the man is walking up the stairs because he is sitting on the bench.
he is sitting on a bench. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors with his briefcase because he is sitting on a bench. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors with
it is neutral to say a person is sleeping anywhere. But it is not neutral to say a person is sleeping on a park bench because it is not neutral to say a person is sleeping anywhere.  So, if we want
it is a fact that person is sleeping. It is also entailment to say person is sleeping because it is a fact that person is wearing yellow t-shirt.  Now, we can use inference to say that person is sleeping because
a person cannot be dancing at a rave.  The inference engine will take the premises and infer the conclusion. The inference engine will take the premises and infer the conclusion.  The inference engine will take the premises and infer the
they are studying.  Premise is some folks pick out the food they want at a party. It is contradiction to say a study group sits at a table in the library because they are studying.
they are hungry. Premise is some folks pick out the food they want at a party. It is entailment to say the party-goers are perusing the buffet because they are hungry. Premise
the blond girl is opening her drink. Premise is entailment to say blond girl is talking to someone while opening her drink because blond girl is opening her drink. Premise is
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the boyfriend.  Now, let's say the blond girl is opening a diet coke while
he is not blond.  The inference is that the blond girl is eating dinner at the restaurant.  The inference is that the blond girl is eating dinner at the restaurant.
it is not a statement about the content of the discussion. It is a statement about the context of the discussion.  Now, let's say we have a group of men standing in a meeting room, talking about business
they are standing in a meeting room.  The inference engine will try to infer that the group of men are standing in a meeting room because they are scuba diving.  The inference engine will try to infer
they are standing in a meeting room.  Premise is group of men standing in a meeting room, talking. It is entailment to say a group of men are talking to each other because they are
she swings on a rope. It is entailment to say she swings on a rope because she is outside. It is entailment to say she swings on a rope because she is outside and
she is swinging on a rope.  The inference is that the woman is swinging on a rope because she is hanging out with her kids.  The inference is that
she is not a farmer.  The inference is that the woman is a farmer because she swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees.
she is smiling.  The inference is that the woman is smiling because she is opening the package.  The inference is that the woman is opening the package
she smiles.  Premise is a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it.
she is smiling at yarn and liquid. Premise is entailment to say the woman is smiling at a package because she is smiling at yarn and liquid. Prem
they are swimming. Premise is entailment to say a man and girl swim because they are swimming. Premise is entailment to say a man and girl swim because they are swimming. Premise is entailment to say a man and girl
it is not a statement about the relationship between the two. It is a statement about the relationship between the man and the girl.  The inference is that the man is the father of the girl.  The inference is that the man
a mother and son cannot swim.  The inference is that the man is the mother and the girl is the son.  The inference is that the man is the mother and the girl is the son.  The inference is that
she is a woman.  Premise is a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off. It is contradiction to say a woman hurdler trips over a hurdle
it is not a statement about the jumper. It is a statement about the glasses.  The inference is that the jumper lost his glasses.  The inference is that the jumper lost his glasses
he jumps into sand. Premise is entailment to say a man jumps into sand because his glasses fall off. Premise is entailment to say a man's glasses fall off because he jumps into
it is open. It is entailment to say a car door has been shut because it is closed. It is entailment to say a car door has been shut because it is open
they are checking out the car.  The inference is that the person checking out the car is not blowing up the car.  The inference is that the person checking out the
it is beautiful or because it is new. It is also neutral to say people are admiring the car because it is expensive or because it is rare.  Now, let's say we
he is wearing a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair. The inference is that the man is forty years old.  The inference is that the man is forty
he is wearing a raincoat. It is entailment to say he is walking because he has dry hair. It is entailment to say he is walking because he
he is not in the bar.  The inference is that the man is in the bar.  The inference is that the man is in
it is contradictory to say a man is riding a bicycle through the park because it is contradictory to say a man is riding a bicycle through the park because it is contradictory to say a man
it is true. Premise is a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing in a competition because it is false. Premise is
the snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat. Premise is entailment to say a snowboarder is riding along a metal
they are not prepared to fight.  The inference is that the ballerinas are prepared to fight.  The inference is that the ballerinas are prepared to fight.
it is not a new disagreement.  The inference is that the players are fighting over a puck because they are both hockey players.  The inference is that the players are fighting
they are preparing to fight over a puck during a face off. Premise is entailment to say the players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off because they are competing in
they are wearing blue dresses.  The inference engine can infer the following:  The bridesmaids are assisting the bride because they are wearing blue dresses.
they are holding the train of a wedding dress.  The inference is that the bridesmaids are holding the train of the bride's wedding dress.
it is not a statement about the bride. It is a statement about the bridesmaids.  The inference is that the bridesmaids are practicing at a wedding
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the man recording her.  The inference is that the woman is unknowing being recorded by a man.  The inference is that the woman is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the man.  The inference is that the man is taking the woman on a date because he is recording a video of her.  The inference is
it is entailment to say a man is recording a woman.  Premise is man recording a video of a woman. It is entailment to say a woman is being recorded by a man because it is entailment to
she is playing the piano in her living room.  The inference is that the girl is playing the piano in her living room.  The inference is that the girl is playing the piano in her living room
he is playing an outdoor water game. Premise is little boy is playing an outdoor water game. It is entailment to say a little boy is wet outside because he is playing an outdoor water game. Premise is little boy
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the game.  Premise is little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game. It is neutral to say a little boy is
they are wearing full gear.  The inference is that firefighters are eating lunch because they are wearing full gear.  The inference is that firefighters are eating lunch because they are wearing full gear.  The inference is that firefighters are
they are wearing full gear. It is entailment to say the firefighers are ready to fight a fire because they are wearing full gear. It is entailment to say the firefighers are ready to
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  The inference is firefighters are trying to save a child because they are wearing full gear. It is a fact.  The inference is firefighters are trying to save
they are both wearing patriotic shirts. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment to entailment.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the butterfly.  Now, let's say that the girl is wearing a
she is wearing a patriotic shirt.  The natural language inference is that the girl drinks a milkshake because she is wearing a patriotic shirt.  The
he is not in the kitchen.  Premise is a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably
it is not a statement about the chef's personality. It is a statement about the chef's job.  Premise is
it is entailment to say a human being is in a kitchen.  Premise is a chef in a kitchen cuts a
there are people in the room. It is entailment to say there are people in the room because there are people in the room. It is entailment to say there are people in the room because there are people in
they are watching tv. It is neutral to say there are people watching tv because they are watching tv. It is neutral to say there are people watching tv because they are watching tv. It is neutral to say there are
it is not a statement about the students. It is a statement about the test.  Now, let's say we want to say that the students are studying for a test. We can say that the
she is seen performing a woman's gymnastic move. Premise is a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.
she is seen defying gravity.  Premise is a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars. It is entail
she is seen performing the move.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the gymnast as a gymnast. It is trained to recognize the gymnast as a gymn
she is in mid-pose. Premise is a gymnast is in mid-pose as she completes her jump. Premise is entailment to say a gymnast is completing her jump because she
she is in mid-pose.  Premise is a gymnastics performer is stretching because she is in mid-pose.  Premise is a gymnastics performer is stretching because she is in mid
it is not a statement about the gymnast herself. It is a statement about the gymnastics event.  Premise is a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes
they are wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the person with brown hair is wearing a blue shirt
it is not a statement about the person's identity. It is a statement about the person's
the person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar. Premise is entail
it is not gender specific. But if you say a man and a woman making pizza, it is gender specific. So, we can infer that the man is the husband and the woman is the wife.  Now, let's say we
it is entailment to say some dough being cut by a man and woman.  Premise is a man and a woman cutting dough. It is entailment to say some dough being cut by a man and woman because
it is contradictory to say a man and woman cutting dough.  Premise is a man and a woman cutting dough. It is contradiction to say a man and woman eating vegetables because it is contradictory to say a man and woman cutting dough.
he climbs a tree. Premise is entailment to say a young boy wears sandals because he climbs a tree. Premise is entailment to say a young boy wears sandals because
a barefoot boy cannot climb a tree. Premise is a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves. Conclusion is a barefoot boy climbs a
it is neutral to say a young boy climbs a tree. It is not neutral to say a young boy climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves because it is not neutral to say a young
it is a toy. It is entailment to say a dog is catching a frisbee because it is catching a frisbee. It is entailment to say a dog is catching a frisbee because it is catching
it is a neutral statement. But it is not neutral to say a puppy has leapt into the air to catch a frisbee because it is a positive statement.  Now, let's say we have
an elephant is not a dog.  Premise is a dog catching a frisbee. It is contradiction to say an elephant is being trained to catch frisbees because an elephant is not a dog.
it is not a statement about the bride or the groom. It is a statement about the sidewalk.  Now, let's say the bride is wearing a red dress. Premise is a beautiful bride
they are not walking.  Premise is a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband. It is contradiction to say newlyweds sitting on a park bench because they are not walking.
they are married. Premise is entailment to say a couple walks outdoors together because they are married because they walked outdoors together. Premise is entailment to say a couple walks outdoors together because they are married because they walked
the man in the construction vest is looking at a vehicle.  The inference is that the man in the construction vest is looking at a vehicle.  The inference is that the man in
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the vehicle.  Now, if you want to say that the man is looking at the vehicle, you can say that the man is looking at the
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle. It is entailment to say a construction worker is looking at a car because it is a natural language
he is next to a tree. Premise is entailment to say a man in a red sweatshirt because he is wearing a red sweatshirt. Premise is entailment to say a
it is entailment to say a man pushes a redwood tree in a snowy forest. Premise is entailment to say a man pushes a redwood tree in a
the man is not in the forest. The conclusion is that the man is not in the forest.  The inference is that the man is not in the forest because he is not in the
he is standing on a boat.  Premise is red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall
it is a neutral statement.  Now we can say that the man is standing on a boat because it is a neutral statement.
it is not a shirtless man.  The inference is that the man is wearing a shirt and shorts.  The inference is
they are cold. Premise is people are trying to warm up because they are cold. Premise is people are trying to warm up because they are cold. Premise is people are trying to warm up because they are cold. Premise is people
they are trying to get warm.  Premise is people trying to get warm. It is contradiction to say people are sleeping because they are trying to get warm.  Premise is people trying to get warm. It is contradiction to say people are sleeping because
it is not a statement about the weather. It is a statement about people.  The inference is that people are trying to get warm.  The inference is that people are trying to get warm because it is cold outside.  The
a yellow dog is not going to the vet.  The inference is that the yellow dog is going to the vet.  The inference is that the yellow dog is going to the vet. Premise is
it is running in a field near a mountain. Premise is a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain. It is entailment to say a yellow dog is running outdoors because it is running in a field
it is not a statement about the yellow dog. It is a statement about the bunny.  Now, if we say the yellow dog is chasing the bunny, we are saying that the yellow dog is
he is standing.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the floor.  The inference is that the man is standing.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the floor.
it is not necessary to mention the gender of the man. But if you say a man is standing with his sons, you are implying that the man is a father.  Now, let's say you want
it is entailment to say a man is standing. Premise is a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building. It is entailment to say a man is standing with two kids because it
the woman is a woman. It is entailment to say the man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman because the woman is a woman because the woman
it is not a statement about the man or the woman. It is a statement about the transaction.  The man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman
the man is holding the kite.  The inference is that the man is holding the kite.  The inference is that the man is holding the kite.
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say a police officer is wearing a brown uniform because it is a fact. It is also neutral to say a police officer is wearing a large helmet because it is a
he is wearing a brown uniform.  The inference is that the police officer is wearing a brown uniform.  The inference is that the police officer is wearing a brown uniform.  The inference is that the police officer
he is talking into a microphone. Premise is police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a microphone. It is entailment to say a police officer is moving his mouth because he is talking into a microphone. Prem
old lady is not a girl.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises. It is a program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises.
green shirt is green. Premise is entailment to say girl plays swing because girl is small. Premise is entailment to say girl plays swing because girl is in a green shirt. Premise is entailment to say girl plays
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the girl's friend.  Premise is a girl plays swing with her friend. It is a statement about the girl.  Premise
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the bamboo.  Now, let's say we want to say that the women are dancing among the bamboo. We can say that the women
it is not a group of women.  The inference is that the women are dancing among the bamboo.  The inference is that the women are dancing among the bamboo.  The inference is that the women are dancing among the bamboo
it is entailment to say three women dance. It is entailment to say three women dance because it is entailment to say women dance. It is entailment to say women dance because it is entailment to say women dance. It is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the sculpture.  The inference is that the man is working on a sculpture of his friend
a man wearing a hat works on his car.  The inference is that the man wearing noise canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.
it is entailment to say a man wearing headphones works on a sculpture. Premise is entailment to say a man wearing headphones works on a sculpture because it is entailment
he is wearing yellow headphones. The inference is that he is cutting stone.  Premise is a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone. It is neutral to say the man is an artist because he is wearing yellow headphones. The
he is wearing headphones.  The inference is that the man is running from the cop because he is wearing headphones.  The inference is that the man is running from the cop because he is wearing headphones.  The
he is wearing yellow headphones. Premise is a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone. It is entailment to say the man is sculpting a piece of art because he is wearing yellow headphones. Premise
it is a contradiction to say the man is wearing black. Premise is a man wearing black carving stone. It is contradiction to say the man is wearing white because it is a contradiction to say the man is wearing black. Premise is a man wearing
he is carving stone. Premise is entailment to say a man is carving stone because he is wearing black. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing black because he is carving stone. Premise is entailment to say a man
it is true. It is false to say the man is very tall because it is false.  Premise is a man wearing black carving stone. It is neutral to say the man is very tall because it is true. It is false to say
he has wrecked it.  Premise is a man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope. It is entailment to say a man has damaged something because he
he crashed it into a mountain.  The inference is that the man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope.  The inference is that the man has wrecked
it is entailment to say a kid rides a bike.  Premise is a little kid in a blue helmet is riding
it is not a statement about the kid. It is a statement about the bike.  Now, let's
sleds are not bikes.  The inference is that the kid is riding a bike. The inference is not that the kid is riding
he is happy.  Premise is a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it. It
he is enjoying jumping.  The inference is that the boy is enjoying jumping because he is watching boats on a lake.  The inference is that the boy is enjoying
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the acrobat.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "
the woman's sweater is beige.  The inference is that the woman's sweater is beige because the man's pants are red.  The inference is that the woman's
they are both wearing black pants. Premise is entailment to say the man and woman are both wearing black pants because they are both wearing black pants.
they are talking. The inference is that the woman is talking to the man.  The inference is based on the context of the conversation. The context is that the woman is talking to
she is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the lady in the dress is yelling at the man in the road because she is wearing a dress.  The inference
it is entailment to say a young lady in tight pants chats with a guy in the street.  The reason why it is entailment is because the two premises are
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the teenager is speaking to the guy in the middle
he is wearing blue trunks and white and blue shirt.  Now, let's say that the man is actually preparing
he is outdoors preparing to canoe.  The inference is that the man is outdoors preparing to canoe.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the canoe.  Now, suppose we
they are women. It is entailment to say they are eating because they are black because they are women. It is entailment to say they are eating because they are black because they are women because they are eating. It is entailment
they are in a restaurant.  The inference is that the women are watching tv at home.  The inference is that the women are watching tv at home.  The inference is that the women are watching tv
it is crowded or because it is not crowded. The inference is that the restaurant is crowded.  The inference is based on the context. The context is the restaurant. The inference is based on the context. The inference is based on
it is not necessary to specify the color of the hair. However, if we say two blond women are sitting near green plants, we are implying
blond-hair is sitting in a booth next to some potted plants.  The inference is that blond-hair is sitting in a booth next to
she has red hair.  The inference engine is able to infer that the woman has red hair because she has black hair.  The inference engine is able to infer that the
it is not a statement about her personality. It is a statement about her hair color.  Now, let's say that the woman is wearing a red jacket. It
she is holding an instrument. Premise is entailment to say the woman is holding an instrument because she is holding a harp. Premise is entailment to say the
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the garden.  The inference is that the garden is being planted by six people. The inference is not that the six people are planting the garden. The
they are not at the movies.  The inference is that they are planting something in the ground.  The inference is that they are not at the movies because they are not at the movies.  The inference is
they are planting something. Premise is six people appearing to be digging up the earth because they are planting something. Premise is six people appearing to be digging up the earth because they are planting something. Premise is six
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the tattoo.  The inference is that the man has dragon tattoos on his arm.  The inference
he has tattoos.  Premise is a man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him. It is contradiction to say a man
he was wearing a latex glove.  The inference is that the man in the van is the latex glove man.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the van.  Now let's say the man is wearing a latex glove
he has a latex glove and black t-shit. Premise is entailment to say a man standing in front of a van because he has a latex glove and
they are standing behind it. It is entailment to say a woman with a stroller is near a sonoma store because she is standing near it. It is entail
they are standing behind a race car.  The inference is that the woman with the stroller is the race car driver.  The inference is that the woman with the st
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the daughter.  The inference is that the woman has her daughter in a stroller because she
there are several brides.  The inference is that there is one bride.  The inference is that there is one bride because there are several brides.  The inference is that there is one bride because there are several
they are wearing white dresses. But it is not neutral to say they are sisters because they are holding red roses.  The inference is that they are sisters because they are holding red roses.  The inference is that they are sisters because
there are brides holding red roses. It is entailment to say there is a group of brides because there are brides holding white dresses. It is entailment to say there is a group of brides because
it is a natural inference. But it is not a natural inference to say a boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach because it is a natural inference.  The natural inference is a natural inference. It is a natural inference because
it is not a boy kissing a girl.  The inference is that the boy kisses his dog on the beach.  The inference is that the boy kisses his dog on the beach.  The inference is that the
they are kissing. Premise is a boy and girl kissing in the sunset. It is entailment to say two people are kissing because they are kissing. Premise is a boy and girl kissing in the sunset. It is entailment to say
it is eating cake. It is neutral to say a baby eating cake because it is eating cake. It is neutral to say a baby eating cake because it is eating cake. It is neutral to say a baby
it is eating cake. Premise is a baby is eating cake very messily. It is entailment to say a baby eating cake messily because it is eating cake. Premise is a baby is eating cake
it is not eating cake. Premise is a baby is eating cake very messily. Conclusion is a baby is eating cake very messily. Premise is a baby is eating cake very messily. Conclusion is a baby
it is true. The man is performing for money because it is false. The man is performing for money because it is true. The man is performing for money because it is false. The man is performing for money because it
he is playing the instrument.  The inference is that the man is playing the instrument on the platform.  The inference is that the man is playing the instrument on the platform.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the environment. The environment is neutral. The environment is not a man. The environment is not a large stringed instrument. The environment is not a man
she is smiling is smiling because she is a cook. Premise is a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background. Premise
she is smiling is smiling.  Premise is a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background. It is contradiction to
it is not a statement about her gender.  The inference is that she is smiling because she is in a cooking competition. Premise is a woman cook in an apron
they are getting ready to open up shop. But it is not neutral to say the owners of a very famous meat market are getting ready to open up shop because they are getting ready to open up
they are working. It is entailment to say two workers are working because they are preforming their jobs. It is entailment to say two workers are preforming their jobs because they are working. It is entailment to say
they are walking through it.  Premise is two butchers are walking through their shop. It is contradiction to say two butchers are attacking each other in the shop because they are walking through it.
sasquatch is not a candidate.  The inference is that the speaker is a man in a white shirt. The inference is that the speaker is speaking into
he is the only man in a white shirt speaking into a microphone. The inference is that the man speaking is the president of the united states.  The
he is wearing a white shirt.  Premise is entailment to say a man in a white shirt is making a speech
they are waiting to buy concert merchandise.  Premise is two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to
they are at work.  The inference is that the girls are at work and the men are at home sleeping.  The inference is
they are girls. It is entailment to say they are selling concert merchandise because they are selling concert merchandise. It is entailment to say they are
it is not a statement about the girl. The inference is that she is young and she is laughing.  The inference is that she
she is laughing.  The inference is that the girl is laughing at the birds.  The inference is that the girl is laughing at the birds.  The inference is
she is chasing pigeons.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of the sentence from the context. The inference engine can be
they are skinny or because they are fat. The inference is that the horses are skinny.  The inference is that the horses are skinny because they are skinny.  The inference is that the horses are skinny because they are
they are riding a carriage pulled by four horses. Premise is three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses. It is entailment to say the people are taking a carriage ride because they are riding a carriage pulled
the oxen are pulling the carriage. The inference is that the oxen are pulling the carriage.  The inference is that the oxen are pulling the carriage.  The inference is that the oxen are pulling
they are both trying to get the basketball in the goal.  The inference is that the two teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.  The inference is that the two teams are
they are not yellow teams.  The inference is that the teams are trying to get the ball into the goal.  The inference is that the teams are trying
they are trying to get the basketball in the goal. Premise is black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal. It is entailment to say two teams are playing a sport because they
it is entailment to say people are coming down a staircase built through a tunnel. Premise is people are coming down a staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of
they are coming down the stairs. It is neutral to say workers are returning from inspection because they are coming down the stairs. It is neutral to say workers are returning from inspection because they
they are coming down a staircase.  The natural language inference is that people are climbing a mountain because they are coming down a staircase.  The natural language inference is that people
the coach is not using the rings.  The conclusion is that the gymnast is using the rings.  The inference is that the gymnast is using the rings.  The inference
the gymnast is performing a routine on the bars. Premise is a gymnast performing a routine on the bars. Premise is entailment to say a gymnast is performing a routine on the bars
it is a fact. It is neutral to say a young gymnast is performing well because it is a fact. It is neutral to say a young gymnast is performing well because it is a fact. It is neutral to say
a man wearing a black coat is walking.  Premise is a man wearing a black coat is walking. It is contradiction to say a naked man walking because a man wearing a black coat is walking.  Premise is a man wearing
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the coat.  Now, let's say we have a man wearing a black coat walking home. We can infer that he is walking home because we know that he is wearing
it is raining is walking. It is entailment to say a man wearing a coat because it is raining is wearing a black coat. It is entailment to say a man wearing a black coat because it is raining is wearing a black coat
they are children. Premise is entailment to say the children are playing because they are playing with props. Premise is entailment to say the children are playing with props because they are playing with props. Premise is entailment to say the
they are playing with props. The children are playing with props because they are children. The children are children because they are playing with props. The children are playing with props because they are children. The children are playing with props because they are children
they are playing with guns. It is neutral to say the children are playing with toy guns because they are playing with toy guns. It is neutral to say the children are playing with toy guns because they are playing with toy guns. It is
it is not sitting straight up.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the squirrel sitting straight up in the grass. It is trained to recognize the squirrel running in the grass. It is trained to recognize the squirrel sitting straight up in
it is entailment to say a squirrel sits. Premise is the squirrel sits straight up in the grass. It is entailment to say a squirrel sits in the grass because it is entailment to say a squirrel sits. Premise
it is not a statement about the squirrel. It is a statement about the weather. The squirrel is not a weather condition. The squirrel is a squirrel. The squirrel is not a weather condition. The squirrel is a squirrel
people watch is entailment to say three men bother a bull.  The inference is that the crowd of people at the county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.
it is contradictory to say a man rides horseback in the field.  The inference is that the man rides horseback in the field.  The inference is that the man rides
it is neutral to say a crowd is filled with adults and children. It is neutral to say a crowd is filled with adults because it is neutral to say a crowd is filled with
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the girl's behavior.  Premise is a little girl in a gray shirt smiles
she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush. Premise is entailment to say a girl in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth because she
he is wearing a blue shirt.  Premise is a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush
it is not a gender specific statement.  Now we can say a tall person standing is a gender specific statement because it is a gender specific statement.
she is standing.  The inference is that she is standing because she is holding a mirror.  The inference is that she is holding a mirror because she is
she is asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand.  Premise is an
he points his toy at the camera. Premise is a boy with a toy because he points his toy at the camera. Premise is a boy with
he is digging a hole.  The inference engine is trained on the data set of videos. The inference engine is trained on the data set of videos
it is not a statement about the kid's character.  The inference is that the kid is playing cops
there are at least 2 people. It is entailment to say there are at least 3 people because there are at least 3 people. It is entailment to say there are at least 4 people because there are
they are not in the air.  The inference is that the group of people are on the ground.  The inference is that the group of people are on the ground
the man is wearing a suit and the woman is wearing a dress. The photographer is taking a picture of a man
the photographer is not a dog. Premise is a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and
he is wearing a suit and the woman is getting her picture taken because she is wearing a dress.  The inference is
he is wearing a striped shirt and a helmet.  The inference is natural because it is based on the premises. The inference is not deductive because
he is cleaning a floor.  The inference is that the man is referring to a floor cleaner battle because he is cleaning a floor.  The
it is not a statement about the man himself. But if we say a man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up a spill,
it is chasing the ball. Premise is a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside. It is entailment to say the dog is jumping because it is chasing the ball. Premise is a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside
it is at the beach. It is also neutral to say the dog is at the beach because it is at the beach. It is also neutral to say the dog is at the beach because it is at the beach. It is also
it is a fact. The dog likes to play catch because it is a fact. The dog likes to play catch because it is a fact. The dog likes to play catch because it is a fact. The dog likes to play catch
they are female.  Premise is two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience. It is contradiction to say two female artists are demonstrating punches for the audience because they are female.  Premise
it is not a statement about the martial artists. It is a statement about the audience.  Now, let's say the audience is a group of women who are interested in
they are female martial artists. Premise is entailment to say two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience because they are female martial artists. Premise is entailment to say two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience
it is being held up to a camera.  Now let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of
one of them is sitting in a restaurant.  The inference is that the man holding the paper is the one watching the movie.  The inference is that the man
he is holding it up to the camera.  Premise is two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to
he is wearing a leather jacket and glasses. The man in the gray sweatshirt and white hat is riding a motorcycle across the street because he
it is not known whether he is walking to his motorcycle or walking to his car. However, it is not neutral to say the
he is wearing a leather jacket and glasses. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a leather jacket and glasses because he is walking
he was wearing a white shirt and a hat.  Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes
he is wearing a white shirt and a hat.  Now, let's say that the photographer is wearing a white shirt and a hat. Then, the inference
the photographer is not the man wearing the white shirt and the hat.  The inference is that the man wearing the white shirt and the hat is
there is a bus in the picture. Premise is entailment to say there is a bus in this picture because there is a bus in the picture. Premise is entailment to say there is a bus in this picture because
it is not a statement about the bus itself. It is a statement about the tourists.  Now, let's say the bus is parked in a park because it is a tour bus. It is a statement
it is parked in a park.  The inference is that the bus is parked in a park.  The inference is that the bus is parked in a park.  The inference is that the bus is parked in a park
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the man is standing in the doorway of a building.  The inference is that the man is walking into a room.  The inference is that the man is
a woman is not standing in the doorway of a building.  Premise is a man is standing in the doorway of a building. It is contradiction to say a woman is standing in the doorway of a
he is standing in the doorway. Premise is a man is standing in the doorway of a building. Premise is entailment to say a man is in a building because he is standing in the doorway. Premise is
it is entailment to say a dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on
it is standing on its back legs. The inference is that the dog is begging for a treat because it is standing on its back legs.
it is standing on its back legs.  The inference is that the dog is standing on its back legs because it is decorating the
she stands on a wood floor in front of paintings. Premise is entailment to say woman views paintings with two girls at her
woman wears a red coat.  The inference is that woman wears a red coat because she stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the paintings.  Premise is
there are men working on a building. It is entailment to say there are men working on a building because there are men working on a building. It is entailment to say there are men working on a building because there are
it is neutral to say men are repairing the gutters on a house.  The inference is that the construction workers are repairing the gutters on a house.  The inference is that the construction workers are repairing the
it is a contradiction to say one man is painting a billboard.  Premise is construction workers on lifts working on a building. It is contradiction to say one man is painting a billboard because it is a contradiction to say one man is
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's state of mind.
they are black.  The inference is that the three men are asian. The inference is not that the three men are
they are asian.  The inference is that the men are asian because they are conversing near a carved wall.
she is white. Premise is a white woman waiting in line. It is contradiction to say the woman is eating dinner because she is white. Premise is a white woman waiting in line. It is contradiction to say the woman is eating dinner because she
it is not a statement about the person waiting. It is a statement about the person waiting. Premise is a white woman waiting in line. It is neutral to say there is a female waiting for a friend because it is not a statement
she is white. Premise is entailment to say the woman is standing around waiting because she is white. Premise is entailment to say the woman is standing around waiting because she is white. Premise is entailment to say the woman
the man is not a girl.  The inference is that the man carries the girl because the man is not a girl.  The inference is that the man carries the girl because the man is not a girl.
they are sisters. But it is not neutral to say the girls are sisters because they are girls. The former is a statement of fact, the latter is a statement of opinion.  The same is true for the statement "The girl
she carries the girl. Premise is entailment to say the girl is little because she carries the girl. Premise is entailment to say the girl is little because she carries the girl. Premise is entailment to say the
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the relationship between the two people.  Premise is a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.
they are not in the same place.  The inference is that the lady and man are in the same place.  The inference is that the lady and man are in the same place.
they are watching baseball. Premise is entailment to say two people, one with a hat, can see baseball from where they are because they are watching baseball.
a man is sitting at a table.  The inference is that the man is sitting at the table because he is taking photos of a dog.  The inference is that the man is taking photos of a dog because he is sitting at the
they are sitting at tables. It is entailment to say people are seated at tables because they are sitting at tables because they are sitting at tables. It is entailment to say people are sitting at tables because they are sitting at tables because they are sitting
it is not a statement about the wedding reception. It is a statement about people.  Now, we can say that people are seated at tables at a wedding reception because they are seated at tables at a wedding reception. This is a
baldness is a disease. It is entailment to say scientists are working on a cure because baldness is a disease because scientists are working on a cure. It is entailment to say scientists are working on a cure because
they are unable to find a cure.  Premise is scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness. It is neutral to say a group of scientists are examining a bald man while
they are scientists.  The inference is that scientists are researching ways to eliminate male baldness.  The inference is that scientists are researching ways to eliminate
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the biologists.  Premise is two men are looking through microscopes in a room. It is neutral to say there are biologists checking for tissue abnormalities
it is entailment to say there are microscopes in the room. It is entailment to say there are microscopes in the room because it is entailment to say there are men in the room. It is entailment
tv is not a microscope.  The inference is that the men are looking at the same thing.  The inference is that the men are looking at the same thing.  The inference is that the men
he is wearing a blue helmet. Premise is a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on. It is entailment to say a mountaineer is
it is a neutral statement. It is also neutral to say a person starts to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark because it is a neutral statement. Premise
the man is wearing a blue helmet.  The inference is that the man is drinking hot cocoa inside a lodge.  The inference is that the man is drinking hot cocoa inside a
it needs a wash.  The
she has never seen anything so dirty. Premise is
it's dirty. Premise is entailment
she likes to walk. It is also neutral to say women likes to walk. But it is not neutral to say women likes to walk in the rain.  The inference is that women likes
it is entailment to say she walks down the street.  Premise is a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain. It is entailment to say women walks through the rain because
it is contradiction to say woman walks down street on rainy day.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth value of the premise. If it can't infer the truth value, it will return false
he is getting out of a small blue car. Premise is entailment to say the man is bald because he is getting out of a small blue car. Premise is entailment to say the man is bald because he is
the bald man is bald. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Prem
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the car. The inference is that the man drives a blue car.  The inference is that the man drives a blue car because it is a statement
it is not a statement about her state of mind. It is a statement about her state of mind after reading.  Premise is woman adjusting her eyeglasses after reading. It is neutral to say woman adjusting her eyeglasses
she is adjusting her glasses.  The inference is that woman fixes her hair because she is adjusting her glasses.  The inference is that woman fixes her hair because she is adjusting her glasses.  The inference is that woman fixes her hair because she
she is tired. Premise is woman is tired because she is adjusting her eyeglasses. Premise is woman is adjusting her eyeglasses because she is tired because she is adjusting her eyeglasses. Premise is woman is adjusting her eyeg
a happy man is bending over to pick up a pear.  Premise is a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear
he is bending over to pick up a pear. Premise is entailment to say a man is bending over to pick up a pear because he is pushing a hand truck. Prem
he is bending over to pick up a pear.  The inference is that the man is bending over to pick up a pear.  The inference is that the
he is wearing an orange uniform. Premise is entailment to say a boy is wearing an orange uniform because he is standing on the field near a colorful ball. Premise is entailment to say
it is hot outside.  The inference is that the boy is wearing an orange uniform because he is playing baseball.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a sweater because she is cold.
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the ball.  Premise is a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball. It is
he is holding hands with a woman.  The inference is that the man is holding hands with a woman.  The inference is that the man is holding hands with a woman.  The
it doesn't imply anything about their sexual orientation.  The inference is that they are a couple.  The inference is that they are a couple because they are holding hands.  The inference is that they
it is entailment to say a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore.  Premise is a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake. It is
they are chasing the man who is carrying the ball. Premise is entailment to say the men are chasing the man who is carrying the ball because they are on the beach. Premise is
they are all strangers. The ball is a neutral object. The man carrying it is neutral to say he is carrying it because he is carrying it. The man chasing him is neutral to say he is chasing
they are chasing the man who is carrying the ball.  Premise is a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball. It is contradiction to say the men
she is holding a stuffed animal in one hand. Premise is entailment to say a young smiling girl is holding a candy apple because she is holding
it is not a stuffed animal and it is not a candy apple.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentences:  Prem
she is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand. Premise is a young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand. It
it is not a lie. It is a lie to say the man is at a farm because it is not neutral.  The inference is that the man is lying down next to a cow.  The
he has a tattoo.  The inference is that the man is lying down next to the cow because he is at home with his kids.  The inference is that the man is lying down next
it is entailment to say the man is lying down in the sand.  The inference is not a deduction. It is a deduction if the premises are true. It is an inference if the premises
it is not clear whether they are betting on the outcome of the match or betting on the outcome of the fight.  Premise is a group stands and watches two
there are people watching. Premise is entailment to say there are people watching because there are people wrestling. Premise is entailment to say there are people wrestling because there are people
they are watching the fight.  Premise is a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground. It is
the premise says there are two workers.  Premise: There are two workers in green uniforms standing in an alleyway.  Premise: There are two workers in green uniforms standing in an alleyway.
they are both wearing green uniforms. The inference is that they are brothers because they are both wearing green uniforms.  The inference is that they are brothers because they are both wearing green uniforms.  The inference is that they are
they are wearing green.  The inference is that the workers are wearing green because they are standing in an alleyway.  The inference is that the workers are wearing green because they are standing in an alleyway.
it is not a statement about the man's identity. It is a statement about the grinder's identity.  The same is true for the sentence "The man wearing red protective gear grind
he is wearing protective gear.  Premise is a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object. It is entailment to say there is a man working because he is wearing protective gear.
he is wearing gear.  The inference is that the man is wearing gear.  The inference is that the man is wearing gear.  The inference is that the man is wearing gear.
he is not a man.  The inference is that the man is a rescue guy.  The inference is that the man is a rescue guy.  The inference is that the man is a rescue guy.
the rescue guys are looking at him. Premise is rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher. It is entailment to say a man on a stretcher because the rescue guys are looking at him. Prem
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the rescue guys.  The rescue guys are looking at a man on a stretcher. They are looking at a man
there are children playing on a swing.  Premise is three children are playing on a swing in the garden. It is entailment to say there are children outside because there are children playing on a swing.  Premise
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the swing set. The inference is that the children are playing on a blue swing set.  The inference is not a statement about the children
it is contradictory to say three children are playing on a swing in the garden.  Premise is three children are playing on a swing in the garden. It is contradiction to say three children are swimming in a pool because
it is entailment to say one kid is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing. It is entailment to say three
one kid is upside down.  The inference is that the kids are on swings.  The inference is that the kids are on swings.
it is true. It is also true that one kid is upside down. It is also true that one kid is hanging from the top bar. So, it is
he has a blue wrapping around his foot. Premise is entailment to say a man is going to kick another
it is a mammal, but it is not a mammal.  The inference is that the man with the blue wrapping around his foot is
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of probability.  Premise is
it is neutral. The child is looking at a cactus garden. The child is looking at a cactus garden. The child is looking at a cactus garden. The child is
a child is looking at a cactus garden. Premise is a child is looking at a red wall. Premise is a child is looking at a cactus garden. Premise is a child is looking at a red wall
a human is looking at plants. Premise is a child looks at a cactus garden. It is entailment to say a human is looking at plants because a human is looking at plants. Premise is a child looks at a
they are laughing.  Premise is a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing. It is entailment to say two
they are not sitting next to each other.  The inference is that the man is laughing at the other person.  The inference is that the man is laughing at the other
it is not a statement about the joke itself. It is a statement about the relationship between the two people.  The inference is that the man with arms folded is telling jokes. The
they are a man and woman. Premise is a man and woman show off their baby because they are a man and woman. Premise is entailment to say a man and woman show off their baby
he is a man.  Premise is a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby. It is contradiction to say a man shows off his baseball cards because he is a man.
he is happy to see his parents happy. But it is not neutral to say the kid loves his new sibling because he loves his parents. The second sentence is a conclusion. It is a conclusion because it is a conclusion
it is entailment to say a crowd of people gathers in a street. Premise is a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street
sasquatch is not a human.  The inference is that sasquatch is riding a bike on the street.  The inference
it is not a statement about the people or the trees. It is a statement about the weather.  The inference is that it is cold and snowy outside because it is winter
they are playing outside.  The inference is that the children are playing inside.  The inference is that the children are playing outside.  The inference is that the children are playing inside.
it is not clear whether they are throwing it around or playing with it.  The children are throwing the toilet paper around.  The children are playing with the toilet paper.  The
they played with toilet paper in the grass. Premise is entailment to say the three young children are outside because they played with toilet paper in the grass. Premise is entailment to say the three young children
there are two males playing in the fountain.  The inference is that there are three ladies playing in the fountain.  The inference is that there are three ladies playing in the fountain.  The inference
it is not a statement about the fountain itself. It is a statement about the people in the fountain.  The inference is that the men are splashing each other because they are gay.
there are people in the fountain. It is entailment to say there are males in the fountain because there are males in the fountain. It is entailment to say there are males in the fountain because there are males in
the two children are wearing shirts.  The inference is that the adult is wearing a pink shirt.  The inference is that the adult is wearing
the person in the shirt is watching the children. Premise is a person in a shirt because the person in the shirt is watching the children.
it is not a statement about the child's gender.  The inference is that the adult is the mother of the children. The inference is
he is carrying a bag.  The inference is that the man is wearing a hat and carrying a bag.  The inference is that the man is wearing a hat and carrying a bag.  The inference is that the
he is wearing a hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a hat because he is carrying a bag. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a hat because he is carrying a bag.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bag.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man is carrying a bag full of bread." This is a statement
they are wearing painted clothes.  Premise is men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain. It is contradiction to say men are dancing in the rain because they are wearing painted clothes.  Premise is men wearing painted
it's raining heavily on a group of men. It is not neutral to say it's raining heavily on a group of men because it's raining heavily on a group of men who are wearing painted clothes.  The
they are wearing painted clothes.  The inference is that men are getting wet with the rain because they are wearing painted clothes.  The inference is that men are getting wet with the rain because they are wearing painted clothes
they are looking forward and laughing.  Premise is three men are looking forward and laughing. It is entailment to say three men find something funny because they are looking forward and laughing.  Premise is three men are looking forward
it is not a statement about the joke. It is a statement about the men.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "Three men are looking forward and laughing." This sentence is ambiguous. It could mean that
it is not possible to laugh while sleeping.  Premise is three men are looking forward and laughing. It is contradiction to say three men are sleeping because it is not possible to laugh while sleeping.  Premise is three men are looking forward
she is looking down the street. Premise is entailment to say a woman covers part of her face because she is looking down the street. Premise is entailment to say a woman
she is looking down the street.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of the premise from the context. The inference engine is trained by feeding
she is blocking the sun from her eyes. It is neutral to say she is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching because she is blocking the sun from her eyes
some people are standing at street corner in france.  The inference is that some people are taking a tour of the factory.  The inference is that some people are standing at street corner in france.
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the street corner.  Now we can say that the group of people wait to cross the street because they are waiting for a bus.
there are people standing at street corner. It is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people standing at street corner. It is entailment to say there are people outside because there are people standing at street corner. It is entail
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the foam.  The inference is that the children are playing in the foam. The inference is not that the foam is playing with the children.  The
some kids are playing in some foam. It is entailment to say some kids are playing in some foam because some kids are playing in some foam. It is entailment to say some kids are playing in some foam because some kids
adults are not playing in foam.  The inference is that adults are playing in foam.  The inference is that adults are playing in foam.  The inference is that adults are playing in foam.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the wave.  The inference is that the person is about
he is standing up while water-skiing.  Premise is a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in
they are admiring the person water-skiing.  Premise is a person just about to stand up while water-skiing
they are taking a break.  Premise is a couple is taking a break from bicycling. It is contradiction to say a couple are racing each other on their bikes because they are taking a break.
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the couple is taking a break from bicycling. We can do this by using a
they are taking a break. It is not neutral to say two people park their bikes because they are taking a break from bicycling.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is a natural language inference. The
they are standing in front of a building. Premise is entailment to say a man and woman look at their hands in front of a building because they are
it is not a statement about the man or woman. It is a statement about the building.  Now, let's say the man and woman are standing in front of a red building
they are not men.  Premise is a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands. It is contradiction to say two men look at each others hands
they are seated next to each other.  The inference is that the two friends are reunited because they are seated next to each other.  The inference is that
they are both men.  Premise is a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other. It
they are seated next to each other.  The inference is that they are seated next to each other because they are cowboys and gentlemen.  The inference is that
it is daytime. It is neutral to say it is sunny because it is sunny. It is neutral to say it is a dog because it is a dog. It is neutral to say it is running because it is running. It is neutral to say
it is running on a rocky beach. Premise is a white dog is running on a rocky beach. Premise is a white dog is running on a rocky beach. Premise is a white dog is running on a rocky beach. Prem
it is running. Premise is a dog is running on a rocky beach. It is entailment to say a dog is running on a rocky beach because it is white. Premise is a dog is running on a rocky beach
it is contradictory to say a diver flips in mid-air.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. It is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The
there are commuters waiting for to cross it. It is entailment to say there are commuters waiting for to cross it because there is a street. It is entailment to say there are commuters waiting for to cross it because there is a street. It
it is not clear whether they wait for the main street or the street.  The inference is that they wait for the street.  The inference is that they wait for the street because it is not clear whether they wait for the main
it is not a statement about the man. The inference is that the man is getting ready to hit a golf ball.  The inference is that the man is getting ready to hit
pants are not worn on the golf course.  The inference is that the man in purple and blue shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.  The
he is wearing purple and blue. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing purple and blue because he is getting ready to strike a golf ball. Premise
a man in orange watches.  Premise is three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches. It is entailment to say people are biking outdoors because a man
they are coming over the ridge.  The inference is that people are surfing because they are coming over the ridge.  The inference is that people are surfing because they are coming over the ridge.
it is neutral to say people are in a race. It is neutral to say people are in a race because it is neutral to say people are in a race. It is neutral to say people are
the dog is outside. Premise is entailment to say the person is outside because the dog is outside. Premise is entailment to say the person is outside because the dog is outside. Premise is entailment
the person is strolling through the woods. Premise is a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog. It is contradiction to say the person is inside because the person is strolling through the woods.
they are strolling through the woods. Premise is entailment to say they are strolling through the woods because they are walking their dog. Premise is entailment to say they are walking their dog because they
it is not a statement about the sculpture itself.  Now, let's say we want to say that the
he is wearing a white shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a white shirt.  The inference is that
he is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks.  Premise is a
they are in highchairs. Premise is two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. Premise is two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. Premise is two babies, one in
they are twins. It is also neutral to say babies are asleep because they are babies. But it is not neutral to say babies are asleep because they are twins.  The inference is that babies are asleep because they are twins.
babies don't poopies.  Premise is two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. It is contradiction to say babies making poopies while playing
it is impossible.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The two men in blue uniforms are playing soccer." This sentence is a contradiction because
it is entailment to say two men playing soccer. It is entailment to say two men playing soccer because it is entailment to say one man playing soccer. It is entailment
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the color of the uniforms.  Now let's say we have a sentence that says "The blue
she is digging in the sand.  The inference is that the man is digging for treasure.  The inference is that the woman is digging for treasure.  The inference is that the man is
he is digging. Premise is a man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers. It is entailment to say a man digs to see what he can
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about what he is doing.  Premise: A man is digging in the sand.  Conclusion: He is digging for gold
they are all children.  Now, we can infer that the clown is a clown because we know that children love clowns.  Now, we can infer that the clown is a clown because
it is a clown. It is entailment to say the clown is at a children's school because it is at an elementary school. It is entailment to say the clown is at an elementary school because it is at a
it is not a statement about the clown. It is a statement about the environment. The clown is there to entertain because it is a statement about the environment. The environment is neutral because it is not a statement about the environment. The environment
she is getting married. Premise is a woman is getting dressed because she is getting married. Premise is a woman is getting dressed because she is getting married. Premise is a woman is getting
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the fitting process.  The inference is that the woman is being fitted for her wedding dress. The inference is
she is being dressed and fitted by two other women. It is also neutral to say a woman is being dressed and fitted by two other women because she got married.  Premise is a woman in a
he is a man. Premise is a man is standing outside next to a garbage can. It is entailment to say a guy stands next to a trashcan because he is a guy. Premise is a
it is not racist. It is racist to say a young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can because it is racist.  Premise is a man is standing outside next to a garbage can
it is a contradiction to say a man sits in a tree late at night.  Premise is a man is standing outside next to a garbage can. It is contradiction to say an owl sits in a tree
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the young woman. The inference is that she is wearing a helmet because she is skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.
she is not riding a unicycle.  The inference is that the young woman is riding a skateboard.  The inference is that the young woman is riding a skateboard because she
it is entailment to say a mural is on an outdoor basketball court. Premise is entailment to say a young woman skateboards on an outdoor basketball court because it is entail
they are white. But it is not neutral to say the man belongs to the dogs because he is walking them. The inference is that the man belongs to the dogs.  The inference is not that the
he walks dogs. Premise is entailment to say a man walks dogs because he walks three dogs with spots down a street with palm trees. Premise is entailment to say a man walks dogs because he walks
the man is walking the dogs. The inference is that the man is walking the dogs.  The inference is that the man is walking the dogs.  The inference is that the man is walking the
she is running on the beach. Premise is entailment to say the girl with the dark hair is running in the sand because she is running on the beach. Premise is entailment to say
she is running away from the wave. But it is not neutral to say the dark haired girl is running away from the wave because she is running away from the wave.  Premise is a
she is not on the street. Premise is a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach. It is contradiction to say the dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street because she
it is not clear water.  Premise is two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day. It is contradiction to say two men sit in the snow and smoke because it is not clear
it is entailment to say a couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat.  Premise is two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny
it is not a statement about the men or the boat. It is a statement about the river, the water, the sun, and the boat.  Now, let's say
they are walking by a fence. Premise is a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence. It is entailment to say people are wearing sandals because they are walking by a
they are both wearing sandals. Premise is a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence. It is entailment to say they are going for a walk because they are both
the woman is wearing sandals.  The inference is that the man is the one who walked alone.  The inference is that the man is the one who walked alone.  The
it is not a statement about the basketball player. It is a statement about the basketball player's action.  Premise is a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a
he is not shooting a basket.  The inference is that the basketball player is shooting a basket.  The inference is that the basketball player is sitting on the bench because
the premise is a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court. Premise is entailment to say there is a basketball game because the premise is
she is a lady in black leather trench coat, with matching
they are walking in
they are celebrities.
a man fishing at a harbor is not a contradiction.  The inference is that the man fishing at the harbor is not a contradiction.  The inference is that the man fishing at the harbor is not a contradiction.
it is not a statement about the ocean. It is a statement about birds flying over the ocean.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "birds fly over the ocean". This sentence is not neutral
birds flying above the ocean is a consequence of birds flying above the waves.  Premise is birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean. It is entailment to say birds flying above a body of water because birds
they parasailed. Premise is person parasailing with a board in the ocean. It is entailment to say this person is in the ocean because they parasailed. Premise is person parasailing with a board in the ocean
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the person parasailing.  The next step is to find out what the person is looking at. We can do this by looking at the context. The
he is parasailing with a board in the ocean.  The inference is that this person is exploring mars because he is parasailing with a board in the ocean.  The inference is that this person is exploring mars because he is
he is not riding a bicycle down the large hill.  The inference is that the man is riding a bicycle down the large hill.  The inference is that the man is riding a bicycle down
it is a natural language inference.  Now let's say we have a table with food and wine on it. We can infer that the family is sitting at thanksgiving dinner because
it is a natural language inference. Premise is people gathered around a table with food and wine on it. It is entailment to say food and wine are on the table that has
the pitcher throws the ball. The inference is that the pitcher throws the ball because the batter hits the pitch.  The inference is that the pitcher throws
it is neutral to say a baseball game is going on in a park. It is not neutral to say a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54
a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball.  The inference is that the man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball.
they are both wearing orange clothing and one is holding a cane.  Premise is man dressed in orange clothing
it is not a statement about the clowns themselves. It is a statement about the environment.  The inference
one is driving and the other is sitting in the passenger seat.  The inference is that the man in orange is
they are sitting on the beach.  The inference is that they are sitting at the bar.  The inference is that they are sitting at the beach.  The inference is that they are sitting at the
some people in conversation while sitting at a bar are men.  Premise is two men in conversation while sitting at a bar. It is entailment to say some people in conversation while sitting at a bar are
they are sitting at a bar. It is entailment to say sitting at a bar because they are men. It is entailment to say men because they are sitting at a bar. It is entailment to say sitting at a bar because
it is entailment to say men fix a bicycle.  Premise is two men fixing a bicycle. It is entailment to say two men fix a bicycle because it is entailment to say men fix a bicycle.  Premise is two
motorcycle is a vehicle.  The inference is that motorcycle is a vehicle.  The inference is that motorcycle is a vehicle.  The inference is that motorcycle is a vehicle.  The inference is that motorcycle is a vehicle.
they are men.  Premise is two men fixing a bicycle. It is entailment to say two men fix their bicycle because they are men. Premise is two men fixing a bicycle. It is entailment to say two men fix their bicycle
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man's actions.  Premise is a man is resting
a hammock is not a waterfall.  The inference engine is able to infer that the man is resting in a hammock because the man is resting
he is wearing a hat.  Premise is a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring
it is a uniform. It is entailment to say a person in a uniform because it is a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a
it is not specific to a person. It is specific to a person if you say a tall person in a uniform with a red batting helmet.  Prem
somebody has a uniform.  The inference is that the person who has a uniform is the person who is holding the bat.  The inference is that the person
he is wearing a green sweatshirt. Premise is little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train. It is entailment to say a boy is playing with toys because he is wearing a green sweats
he is playing with his toy train.  Premise is little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train. It is contradiction to say a boy is playing his xbox because he is playing with
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the train.  Now, suppose we want to say that the boy is playing with his train because he is happy. We can
it is winter.  Premise is two men walking in summer attire. It is contradiction to say two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking because it is winter.  Premise is two men walking in summer
it is entailment to say they are walking in summer attire. Premise is two men walking in summer attire. It is entailment to say they are walking in summer attire because it is entailment to say they are walking in attire. Premise is
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the situation.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man is walking down the sidewalk." This sentence is a statement about the man. It
he is sleeping in a chair.  The inference is that the man is sleeping in a chair.  The inference is that the man is sleeping in a chair.  The inference is that the man
he is homeless. Premise is entailment to say a man is homeless because he is older. Premise is entailment to say an older man is sleeping outside because he is homeless. Premise is entailment to say
he is sleeping.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of a sentence from the context. The inference engine is trained by feeding it sentences that are known to be true or false.
he was wet.  The inference is that the man was swimming in the pool.  The inference is that the man was swimming in the pool.
he exited from it. Premise is a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the swimming competition.  Premise is a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit
there are people outside of it.  The hotel is empty because there are no people in it.  The hotel is abandoned because there are no cars in it.  The hotel is
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the cars.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "people get out of cars for the party at
cars are outside the hotel.  The inference is that cars are outside the hotel because people are outside the hotel.  The inference is that people are outside the hotel because cars are outside the hotel.
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a boy in an orange'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. It is entailment to say a boy pitches the ball because he is in an orange'spring hill' ball team uniform.  Premise is entailment to say a boy pitches the ball because he is in an orange'spring hill' ball team uniform
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a boy in an orange'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. It is contradiction to say a girl plays basketball because she is a girl.  Premise is a boy in an orange'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. It is contradiction to say a girl plays basketball because she is a girl.
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a boy in an orange'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. It is neutral to say a boy plays pitcher for the first time because it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the ball team.  The boy is a member of the team. The team is a member of the league.
they are running down the road.  The inference is that the men are paddling a canoe down the river.  The inference is that the men are paddling a canoe down the river.
they are running down a road. Premise is two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe. It is entailment to say the two men are carrying a canoe because they are running down a road.
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion. The inference is that the men are stealing the canoe.  The inference is that the men are stealing the canoe because it is a statement of opinion
they are speaking to each other. The inference is that they are enemies because they are speaking to each other.  The inference is that they are enemies because they are speaking
they are facing away from each other.  The inference is that the women are talking to each other.  The inference is that the women are
they are both women.  The inference is that the women are speaking to each other because they are both women.  The inference is that the
she is wearing a yellow jacket.  The inference is that the woman is doing arithmetic at home.  The inference is that the woman is doing arithmetic at home.  The inference is that the woman
she is wearing a yellow jacket. Premise is entailment to say a woman is outside because she is wearing a yellow jacket. Premise is entailment to say a woman is outside because she is wearing a yellow jacket.
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the hill.  Now, let's say we want to say that the woman is wearing a yellow jacket. We can
they are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the girls are playing in the snow
it is entailment to say they are playing and having a
they are wearing jackets. Premise is two girls are playing because they are wearing jackets. Prem
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the gender of the fans.  Premise is two fans are cheering at a sporting event. It is neutral to say two men are cheering
it is not possible to have three gals doing their makeup.  The inference is that the premise is false.  The inference is that the premise is false.  The inference is that the premise is false.
they are fans. It is entailment to say two people are making noises because they are cheering at a sporting event. It is entailment to say two people are making noises because they are cheering at a sporting event. It is entailment
they are laughing. Premise is a man and a child are laughing at each other. It is entailment to say two people are laughing because they are laughing. Premise is a man and a child are laughing at each other.
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the relationship between the man and his daughter.  Premise is a man and a child are laughing at each other. It is neutral to say
the man is not talking on the phone.  The inference is that the man is talking to his son.  The inference is that the man is talking to his son.
he is wet.  Premise is a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field. It is contradiction to say the man eats pants because he is wet.  Premise is a wet dog shaking off excess water in a
it is wet. Premise is entailment to say the dog is wet because it is shaking off water. Premise is entailment to say the dog is shaking off water because it is wet. Premise is entail
it is a natural language inference. Premise is a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field. It is neutral to say the dog will return to the lake soon because it is a natural language inference. Premise
they are protesting.  The inference is that the protesters are ordering ice cream because they are protesting.  The inference is that the protesters are ordering ice cream because they are protesting.
some people are holding up signs of protest in the street.  Premise is a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs. It is entailment to say some people
they are walking down the street with signs. It is not neutral to say the group of protesters are promoting legalizing gay marriage because they are gay.  The first sentence is neutral because it is not about
he is swimming in a swimming pool. It is not neutral to say a person embraces the cold because he is swimming in a swimming pool in the winter.  The inference is that the person embraces the cold because he is swimming in a swimming pool
a person is swimming in a swimming pool.  The inference is that the person is trying to get wet.  The inference is that the person is trying to get wet.  The inference is that the person is trying
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the water.  The inference is that the person enjoys the water.  The inference is that the person enjoys the water because the person is swimming in the water.
he is standing in water. It is also neutral to say he is standing in water because he is standing outside. It is also neutral to say he is standing outside because he is standing in water. It is also neutral to say he is standing outside
he is standing in water.  The inference is that the boy is standing in water.  The inference is that the boy is standing in water.  The inference is that the boy is standing in water.
he is wearing a shirt. It is also neutral to say he is not wearing sunscreen because he is not wearing a shirt.  Premise is a boy with no shirt is standing in water. It is neutral to say he is wearing sunscreen
he was a gentleman. Premise is entailment to say the man sketched on paper because he was christmas because he sketched on brown paper. Premise is entailment to say the man sketched on paper because he
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he sketched on brown paper.  Premise is gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas. It is neutral to say the man sketched on paper
she is a painter. Conclusion is that the woman is a painter.  Premise is gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas. It is contradiction to say the woman drew on canvas because she is a painter. Conclusion is that
it is not a waterfall.  The inference is that the red kayak is being ridden over a waterfall.  The inference is that the red kayak is being ridden over a waterfall.  The
he is not in the gym.  The inference is that the guy is working out in the gym.  The inference is that the guy is working out in the gym.  The inference is that
it is blue. Premise is entailment to say a kayak is being ridden because it is being ridden over a small waterfall. Premise is entailment to say a kayak is being ridden because it is being
it is not possible to have a group of women drinking wine.  The inference is that the group of women is drinking wine.  The inference is that the group of women is drinking wine.
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the appetizers.  The same is true for the sentence "The man with glasses is eating." It is not
there are two men with black glasses.  Premise is two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating. It is entailment to say there are two men with food because
it is not a statement about the person's gender.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "A man in a green shirt and dark pants
it is entailment to say a person in a shirt is a man. It is entailment to say a person in a shirt is a person because it is entail
nobody has a shirt on.  The inference is that the man in the green shirt and dark pants is the man who turned around to talk to 3 other people.
they are wearing matching dresses and hats.  Premise is two ladies in matching dresses and hats, both wearing straw hats pulled
it is not necessary to specify the race.  The inference is that the ladies are napping after a race.
they are happy are not jumping for joy.  The inference is that the ladies are happy because they are jumping for joy.
it is entailment to say a person is walking outside. It is entailment to say a person is wearing sunglasses because it is entailment to say a person is wearing sunglasses. It is entailment to say
of a person walking is a person walking.  Premise is a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside. It is entailment to say a person standing because of
it is not possible to lay down.  The inference is that the person is walking outside.  The inference is that the person is walking outside.  The inference is that the person is walking
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the action.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is reading a book. We can say that the man is reading a book because
it is entailment to say a male is seated on a bench. It is entailment to say a male reads a book because it is entailment to say a male is reading a book. It is entail
he is sitting on a bench reading a book.  The inference is that the man is reading a book because he is going for a run.  The inference is that the man is going for a run because he is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the phone call.  The inference is that the woman is making a business phone call because she is wearing a suit. The inference is not that she
it is entailment to say a woman is in an office environment. Premise is entailment to say a woman is making a phone call in an office environment because it is entailment to say a woman
she is not in an office.  The inference is that she is sleeping in an elevator because she is in an office.  The inference is that she is sleeping in an elevator because she is in an office.
it is not in a cage.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is
he is a bird. It is also neutral to say he is searching for fish because he is a bird that grazes the water. It is also neutral to say he is searching for fish because he is a bird that grazes the water.
it is grazing the water. Premise is the bird is grazing the water because it is white. Premise is the bird is white because it is grazing the water. Premise is the bird is grazing the water because it is large
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman is standing at a wall because she is a woman. Premise is entailment to
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall. It is neutral to
a woman cannot be sitting on a brick wall.  Premise is a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the boat.  Premise is two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat. It
they are wearing dingy blue clothing.  Premise is two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat. It is entailment to say two men are on a boat because
they are not doing their job on a boat.  The inference is that the men are doing their job on a boat.  The inference is that the men are doing their job on
they are playing bingo.  The inference is that the young man is playing poker with the old woman.  The inference is that the young man is playing poker with the old woman.
they are old and young. Premise is an old woman and a young man are playing bingo because they are old and young. Premise is an old woman and a young man are playing
they are both old. However, it is not neutral to say that the old woman and young man are checking their bingo cards because they are both old. The inference is
she is sitting with many people around her.  Premise is a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her. It is contradiction to say a woman is standing with her
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is not a statement of fact to say a woman is attempting an eating competition at a festival because it is not a fact.
there are people surrounding her. Premise is entailment to say there are people surrounding her because there are people surrounding her. Premise is entailment to say there are people surrounding her because there are people surrounding
it is not a moving truck. It is a truck ready to move.  Premise is a moving truck with a ramp still attached. It is neutral to say a moving truck ready to move more belongings because it is not
it is not moving.  Theorem: A moving truck is disassembled if it is not moving.  Proof: A moving truck is disassembled if it is not moving.  Conclusion: A moving truck is disassembled
it is entailment to say a truck with a ramp attached. Premise is a moving truck with a ramp still attached. It is entailment to say a truck with a ramp attached because it is entailment to say a truck with
he is taking a shot. Premise is entailment to say a boy is taking a shot because his team is watching anxiously. Premise is entailment to say a boy is taking a shot because his team is
he is taking a shot.  Premise is a boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously. It is contradiction to say a boy is on his bike because he is taking a shot.  Premise
they are older men.  The inference is not that the graffiti is older men, but that older men walk down defaced streets.  The inference is
they are both men.  The inference is that they are cleaning up the street together because they are both men.  The inference is that they are cleaning up the
they are walking.  The inference is that the men are walking because they are propelled by rockets.  The inference is that the men are walking because they are propelled
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the traffic.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man fell asleep because of the traffic. We can say that the man
it is entailment to say a person has lost it.  Premise is a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic. It is entailment
he was tired.  Premise is a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic. It is contradiction to say the traffic was not to bad today the
they are not olympic winners.  The inference is that the girls are watching cartoons because they are not olympic winners.  The inference is that the girls are watching cartoons because they are not o
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the background.  The same goes for the photo. It is neutral to say some men are posing with their gold medals because it
they are olympic winners.  The inference is that some people are having their photo taken because they are olympic winners.  The inference is that some people are having their photo taken
it is not a gender specific term.  The inference is that the men are working in a factory. The inference is not that they are working in a tool plant.  The inference is that the men are working in a factory.
it is impossible to have lunch with two women.  The inference is that the factory is a factory of women.  The inference is that the factory is a factory of women.  The inference is that the factory is a factory of women
men working in a factory is a subset of men working in a factory. Premise is two men working in a factory. It is entailment to say men working in a factory because men working in a factory is a subset of men working in
he is riding it.  The inference is that cowboy is riding his horse.  The inference is that cowboy is feeding his horse.  The inference is that cowboy is feeding his horse.  The inference is that cowboy is
it is entailment to say cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo. Premise is entailment to say cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo because it is entailment to say cowboy competing in a rodeo. Premise
he is a cowboy. Premise is entailment to say cowboy riding his horse because he is riding his horse at a rodeo. Premise is entailment to say cowboy riding his horse because he is riding his horse at a rodeo
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a man is skiing on thin snow.  The inference is that the man is skiing on thin snow. The inference is that the man is skiing on thin snow because
he is skiing on thin snow.  The inference is that the man is bundled up against the cold.  The inference is that the man is bundled up against the cold.  The inference
there is a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow. Premise is entailment to say there is a man on skis because there is a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow. Premise is entailment to
the kicker is dressed in a white and yellow jersey.  The inference is that the kicker is
the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle.  Premise is while the players on the front lines of the
he is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl.  Now, suppose we have a child who is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a
he is lying on the floor.  Now, suppose we have a kid lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other kids looking on. It is
it is not a lie. But it is a lie to say a kid draws a picture of his crush because it is not a picture of his crush.  The
they are eating dinner. It is neutral to say the people are eating dinner because they are eating dinner. It is neutral to say the people are eating dinner because they are eating dinner. It is neutral to say the people are eating dinner because they are eating
they are human. It is not neutral to say the people have eybrows because they are men.  The inference is that the people have eybrows because they are human.  The inference is that the people have eybrows
they are sitting around a table.  The inference is that the people are sitting around a table because they are climbing a mountain.  The inference is that the people are climbing a mountain because they are sitting around a table.  The
it is not a statement about the person's gender. It is neutral to say a person riding a bike home after work because it is not a statement
it is raining is a person riding a bike. Premise is a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of
the sign says "skateboarders prohibited".  The inference is that the person riding a bike is a cyclist, and the person
she is wearing a yellow shirt.  Premise is a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags. It is contradiction to say a lady is taking a bath because she is wearing a yellow
it is not specific to any woman. It is specific to a woman in a yellow shirt.  Premise is a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags. It is neutral to say a
she is carrying groceries. Premise is a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags. It is entailment to say a lady has her arms full because she is carrying groceries. Premise
he is standing in front of the wedding party. It is also neutral to say the little boy is the ring bearer because he is standing in front of the wedding party and he is laughing.  Now, let
it is a natural inference. Premise is a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing. Premise is entailment to say there is a bride and groom behind the little boy
he is laughing.  Premise is a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing. It is contradiction to say the little boy is laying on his head because he is laughing.
it is entailment to say a boy is skating down the street. Premise is entailment to say a boy is skating down the street because it is entailment to say a boy is
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the street.  Now, let's say we want to say that the boy is speeding down the street because he is
it is contradictory to say a boy in blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.  Premise is a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street. It is
he is casting his line out into the water. Premise is entailment to say a man is fishing because he is wearing a red shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a
he is fishing.  The inference is that the man is fishing.  The inference is that the man is fishing because he is casting his fishing line out into the water.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the boat.  The man is fishing on a boat.  The man is fishing on a boat.
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the man in purple jersey is chasing the player in green jersey. The hypothesis is a statement about the world
they are not falling down.  The inference is that the man in the purple jersey is chasing the player in the green jersey.  The inference is that the man
they are both wearing green jerseys. Premise is entailment to say the two soccer players run around chasing each other because they are both wearing purple jerseys. Premise
the man in green is not a soccer player.  The inference is that the man in green kicked the soccer ball at the dog.  The inference is
the man wearing green is a man wearing a green outfit.  Premise is entailment to say a man wearing
it is not a statement about the man in the suit
he is not wearing a suit.  Premise is
he is speaking to another man in a dress shirt who
they are standing.  The inference is that the man and woman are standing because they are seated.  The inference is that the man and woman are standing because they are seated.
they are standing. Premise is a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure. It is entailment to say a man and a woman are standing because
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the man or woman. However, if we say a man and a woman are talking, we are implying that the man is talking to the woman.
she is wearing pink. Conclusion is she is outdoors because she is wearing pink.  Premise is a girl wearing pink pulls weeds. It is contradiction to say she is indoors because she is wearing pink. Conclusion is she is outdoors because she is wearing pink.
she is wearing pink. Premise is a girl wearing pink pulls weeds. It is entailment to say the girl is gardening because she is wearing pink. Premise is a girl wearing pink pulls weeds. It is entailment to say the girl is gardening
she is wearing pink. Premise is entailment to say the girl is wearing pink because she is destroying plant life. Premise is entailment to say the girl is wearing pink because she is destroying plant life. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the girl or the scooter. It is a statement about the season.  The inference is that the girl is pushing the scooter
she is pushing the scooter. Premise is entailment to say the girl is outside because she is pushing the scooter. Premise is entailment to say
the girl is pushing a scooter.  The inference engine is able to infer that the girl is on a beach because the girl is pushing a scooter
dirty water is there. Premise is people looking at dirty water. It is entailment to say people are looking at water because dirty water is there. Premise is people looking at dirty water. It is entailment to say people are looking at water
it is not dirty.  The inference is that the mountain is dirty because it is full of snow.  The inference is that the mountain is dirty because it is full of snow.  The inference is that the mountain is dirty because it
it is a natural language inference. But if you say people are trying to see fish because they are looking at dirty water, it is a natural language inference.  The difference is that the first sentence is a natural language inference, while the second sentence
they are cute asian children.  Premise is a number of cute asian children playing tambourines. It is entailment to say a group of cute as
they are cute asian children. Premise is a number of cute asian children beating on tambourines. It is entailment to say a group of cute as
trumpets are instruments. Therefore, the conclusion is that the cute asian children are playing tambourines.  The inference is based on the premise that the cute asian children are
it is not a statement about the family. It is a statement about the grass.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a statement about the family. It is
it is a contradiction to say no one is sitting in the field of grass.  The inference is that the family is sitting in the field of grass.  The inference is that the family is
they are sitting down. It is entailment to say the grass is green because it is outside. It is entailment to say the grass is green because it is family sitting down. It is entailment to say the grass
they are friends. Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water. It is entailment to say two young friends play with ducks because they are friends. Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water
ducks are animals. Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water. It is entailment to say young kids play with animals because ducks are animals. Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water. It
they are playing at school.  The inference is that the boys are playing at school.  The inference is that the boys are playing at school.  The inference is that the boys are playing at school.
it is situated in an upright position near the road. Premise is entailment to say a squirrel is situated in an upright position near the road because it is situated in
it is standing on its hind legs.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises. The inference engine can be trained to infer the truth
he is wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap.  The inference is that the man is attempting suicide.  The inference is that the man is attempting suicide.  The
blue trunks are not red swim trunks.  The inference is that the man in red swim trunks is the man in blue swim trunks.
she is sitting on the white rocks. Premise is entailment to say a little girl is sitting on the white rocks because she is wearing a yellow dress. Premise is entailment to say a little girl is
it is not a yellow dress.  The inference is that the little girl is wearing a yellow dress.  The inference is that the little girl is wearing a yellow dress.  The inference
she is sitting on the white rocks. Premise is entailment to say a little girl is sitting on the white rocks because she is wearing a yellow dress. Premise is entailment to say a little
there are people gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street.  Premise is a group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store
they are considering whether to shop at the store. It is also neutral to say a group of people are considering whether to shop at the store because they are considering
it is not specified. The inference is that the two people are boxers.  The inference is not that the two people are boxers because they are wearing boxing gloves. The inference is that the two people are boxers because
they are fighting each other. It is entailment to say two people fighting each other because they are fighting each other because they are fighting each other. It is entailment to say two people fighting each other because they are fighting each other
they are not kicking each other.  Premise is two people kicking each other. Premise is two people not kicking each other. Premise is two people kicking each other. Premise is two people not kicking each other. Prem
they are both men. Premise is one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man
they are both men.  The inference is that the man next to him is his father.  The inference
he is fishing in the river.  The inference is that the man is fishing in the river.  The inference
it is not a statement about the man wearing the blue jacket.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the man wearing
it is raining.  The inference engine will look at the context of the sentence and determine that the man is fishing in a river. It will then look at the
the man is wearing a blue jacket.  Premise is a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no
they are laughing.  Premise is a man and a woman sitting down laughing. It is contradiction to say the man and woman are mad at each other because they are laughing.  Premise is a man and
they are laughing. Premise is a man and a woman sitting down laughing. It is entailment to say the man and woman are having a good time because they are laughing. Premise is a man and a woman
they are sitting down laughing. But it is not neutral to say they are husband and wife because they are sitting down laughing.  The inference is that they are husband and wife because they are sitting down laughing.  The
there are people standing in front of the tape. Premise is a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence. It is entailment to say there
they are investigating a double homicide.  Premise is a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence
they don't have a van.  The inference is that the news crew has broken down.  The inference is that the news crew
he is poised to hit a tennis ball with his racket. Premise is entailment to say a boy
he is not wearing blue shorts and a blue t-shirt.  The inference is that the boy in blue shorts and a blue
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the tennis ball.  Now, let's say we
they are small tops and skirts pose for the camera.  The inference is that the women are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the woods because they are small tops
they are posing for the camera. It is not neutral to say the women posing are models because they are women.  The inference is that women are small tops and skirts pose for the camera. The inference is that women are small
they are dressed nicely. It is not neutral to say the women are dressed nicely because they are women.  The inference is that the women are dressed nicely because they are women.  The inference is that the women are dressed
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the family.  Now, let's say we
they are wearing red and black clothes. Premise is five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes.
it is contradictory to say five women wearing red formal ball gowns are standing together.  The inference is that the women are standing together because they
they are cheerleaders. Premise is cheerleaders pose for the camera. It is entailment to say the cheerleaders are getting their picture taken because they are cheerleaders. Premise is cheerleaders pose for the camera. It is
they are posing for the camera. It is not neutral to say they are posing for the camera because they are cheerleaders.  Premise is cheerleaders pose for the camera. It is neutral to say they are at a photo shoot because they
they are posing.  The inference is that the cheerleaders are posing for the camera.  The inference is that the cheerleaders are posing for the camera.  The inference is that the cheerleaders are posing for the camera.
they are cleaning a house.  The inference is that the women are cleaning a house because they are women.  The inference is that the women are cleaning a
there are three females. Premise is three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at deli. It is entail
they are all females. It is not neutral to say a grandmother, a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli because
it is contradictory to say a woman is sitting alone on a couch with no other human around.  Premise is a woman and little girl look into a display case. It is contradiction to
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the little girl.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like "The woman is buying the little girl a present." This is a statement
they are looking at something. Premise is a woman and little girl are looking at something because they are looking at something. Premise is a woman and little girl are looking at something because they are looking at
it's not a fact. It's a statement of fact.  The inference is that the man is alone because he is wearing a huge backpack. The inference is that
he is crosscountry skiing.  The inference is that the man is alone because he is crosscountry skiing.  The inference is that the man is alone because he is crosscountry skiing.  The
he is alone. Premise is entailment to say a man is alone because he is crosscountry skiing in the wilderness. Premise is entailment to say a man is crosscountry skiing in
he is wearing a helmet.  Premise is a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a
he is wearing a helmet.  Premise is a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing
he is wearing a helmet.  The inference is that the photographer is taking photos of a hockey game.  The inference is that the photographer
they are wearing muzzles.  Premise is two dogs are running. It is contradiction to say two dogs are eating because they are wearing muzzles.  Premise is two dogs are running. It is contradiction to say two
they are running away from something. It is also neutral to say the dogs are running away because they are running away from each other. It is also neutral to say the dogs are running away because they are running away from a person. It is
there are dogs running. Premise is two dogs are running. It is entailment to say there are dogs with muzzles because there are dogs running. Premise is two dogs are running. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the structure.  Premise is construction worker working on a structure. It is neutral to say a man is building a house because it is not a statement about the man.
it is not specific to a structure. The inference is that the worker is working on a structure.  The same is true for the inference that a person is a terrorist. It is not specific to a person. It is neutral to say
a computer is not a man.  The inference is that a man is working on a computer because a computer is a man.  The inference is that a man is working on a computer because a computer is a man.
flames are seen. Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. It is entailment to say a crowd sees flames because flames are seen. Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. It is entailment to say
a crowd gathers to watch a street performer is a contradiction.  Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. It is contradiction to say a crowd gathers to watch a street performer because a crowd gathers to watch a
they gather around it. Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. It is entailment to say a crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire because they gather around it. Premise is a crowd gathers
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the food.  Premise is a group of people sitting around a table eating christmas dinner. It is neutral to say people are at
the person is sitting on the couch. Premise is a group of people sitting around a table eating food. It is contradiction to say a person eats a tv dinner while sitting on the couch because the person
they are sitting around a table eating food. Premise is entailment to say people are sitting around a table eating food because they are eating food. Premise is entailment to say people are sitting around a table eating
he is wearing a hat and glasses.  Now, we can use the same technique to infer that a boy is playing guitar because he is wearing a hat and glasses.  Premise: A boy is wearing a
he is playing a guitar. But it is not neutral to say a boy is singing because he is playing a guitar.  Premise is a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar. It is neutral to say a
it is not a guitar.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of a statement from the premises.
they are sports fans.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is trained by feeding it with examples of premises and conclusions. The inference engine can infer the conclusion
they are sports fans. Premise is true. It is entailment to say the sports fans are wearing orange shirts because they are sports fans. Premise is false. It is entailment to say the sports fans are wearing orange
orange is the color of the team they are cheering for.  The inference engine is able to infer that the sports fans are wearing orange because they are cheering for the orange team.  The inference engine is able to infer that the
it is not a woman blowing up a balloon.  Premise is a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on. It is contradiction to say child blows up a balloon because it is not a woman blowing up a
child is watching woman playing with equipment. Premise is entailment to say woman is playing with equipment because woman is playing with equipment. Premise is entailment to say woman is playing with equipment because woman is playing with
it is not a statement about the mother or the child. It is a statement about the child.  The inference is that the child is learning how to use equipment. The inference is not that the mother
it is not a statement about the boys' gender.  Now let's say we want to say that the boys are brothers. We can say that the
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the groom.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is a natural language inference.
they are not trees.  Premise is two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor. It is contradiction to say two small
the premise is a man in a red plaid shirt.  The inference is that the man in the red plaid shirt is talking to a crowd of people.  The
he is wearing a red plaid shirt. It is neutral to say a man is a comedian because he is using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people. It is neutral to
it is entailment to say a man talking to a crowd because it is entailment to say a man talking to a crowd because it is entailment to say a man talking to
he is wearing a white shirt with black stripes. Premise is entailment to say the teenager is seated because he is wearing a white shirt with black stripes. Premise
he is sitting on the steps.  The inference is that the teenager is sliding down the railing because he is sitting on the steps.  The inference
he is sitting down.  Premise is an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face
there is a girl jumping high off of the sand. Premise is entailment to say there is a girl jumping high off of the sand because there is a girl on the sand. Premise is entailment to say there is
the girl is jumping high off of the sand. Premise is a girl jumping high off of the sand. Premise is a girl jogging on the beach. Premise is a girl jumping high off of the sand. Prem
there is a couch. It is entailment to say there is someone sleeping on the couch because there is a man sleeping on the couch. It is entailment to say there
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the couch.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man fell asleep wearing his shoes
he is sleeping.  The inference is that the man is sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt.  The inference
the picture depicts a man being carried by birds. Premise is entailment to say a man is being carried by birds because the picture depicts a man being carried by
dinosaurs are extinct.  The inference is that the picture is of a man riding on a dinosaur's back.  The inference is that
it is a contradiction to say a lady with her eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone. Premise is a gentleman with his
he is a gentleman.  Premise is a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone. It is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the tune. The tune is a statement about the man. The man is a statement about
she is wearing a red helmet. Premise is a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling. Premise is entailment to say a happy woman is holding rope because she is wearing a red helmet
she is wearing a red helmet. It is also neutral to say a woman is trying to lasso a cow because she is wearing a red helmet.  Now, let's say we have
she is wearing a red helmet.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a red helmet because she is holding a rope and smiling.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a man adjusts his tie.  Premise is entailment to say a man adjusts his tie looking at a laptop
she is wearing a bra.  Premise is a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer. It
it is entailment to say a man adjusts his tie in front of a computer.  Premise is a man with a pinstrip
he is shaving.  Premise is man is shaving in the mirror. It is contradiction to say the man has no facial hair because he is shaving. Premise is man is shaving in the mirror. It is contradiction to say the man has
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the man's beard. Premise is man is shaving in the mirror. It is neutral to say the man's beard is quite long because it is not a fact. It is a statement
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is shaving. So, we can infer that he has a beard.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The man is shaving in the mirror." Now,
they are standing next to each other.  Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in
they are standing next to each other.  Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in
it is not necessary to specify the game.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The
they are holding baseball gloves.  The inference is that the boy in blue is holding a baseball bat.  The inference is that the boy in
they are not playing volleyball.  Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in
they are outside.  The inference is that the workers are making coffee outside.  The inference is that the workers are making coffee outside.  The inference is that the workers are
it is a natural language inference. The inference is that the workers are climbing to build the steeple because they are building the steeple. Premise is the workers are climbing to
they are working on it. Premise is two workers are climbing a building because they are working on it. Premise is two workers are climbing a building because they are working on it.
they are hanging from the sides of buildings. It is not neutral to say construction workers are brave because they are hanging from the sides of buildings.  Premise is construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings. It
they are not having fun smashing windows.  The inference is that construction workers are having fun smashing windows.  The inference is that construction workers are having fun smashing windows.  The inference is that construction workers
it is not a statement about the workers themselves. It is a statement about the construction workers' actions.  The inference is that the construction workers are repairing the building. The inference is not that the construction workers are repairing the
they are two people. Premise is two people climbing up a structure. Premise is two people climbing up a structure. Premise is two people climbing up a structure. Premise is two people climbing up a structure. Prem
it is not a statement about the structure itself. It is a statement about the people who are climbing it.  Now, if you say two people race up a structure, you are saying that the structure is a race track.
it is impossible to take a ship to the moon.  Premise is two people climb up some sort of wore structure. It is contradiction to say two people take a ship to the moon because it is impossible to take
they are not working in the garden.  The inference is that the women are not working in the garden because they are not men.  The inference is that the women are not working in the
they are men. It is entailment to say they are tending to the garden because they are tending to the garden. It is entailment to say they are tending to the garden because they are tending to the garden. It
they are working in the garden. The inference is that they are looking over their winter crops because they are working in the garden.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The
the turtles are small.  Premise is a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass. It is entailment to say a group of kids poked at the two
they were poking at turtles. Premise is a group of kids poke at turtles. Premise is a group of kids poke at turtles. Premise is a group of kids poke at turtles.
they did not go to the casino.  The inference is that the children went to the casino.  The inference is that the children went to the casino because they did not go to the casino
they are petting them. Premise is children are playing with turtles. It is entailment to say the children are playing with turtles because they are petting them. Premise is children are playing with turtles. It is entail
they are not petting them.  Premise is children are petting small turtles in the grass. It is contradiction to say the sea turtles are inside the aquarium because they are not petting them.  Premise
they are walking across the grass. It is neutral to say the turtles are walking across the grass because they are walking across the grass. It is neutral to say the turtles are walking across the grass because they are walking across the grass
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her action.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Woman is shopping.  This is a statement about her
she is standing in the store. Premise is woman standing in a store with an item in hand. It is entailment to say a woman is in the store because she has an item in hand. Premise is woman
she is holding a green and blue hula hoop. It is also neutral to say the woman is very good at hula ho
she is holding a yellow hula hoop.  The inference is that the woman is painted with yellow body paint.  The inference
she is holding a hula hoop. Premise is entailment to say a woman is holding a hula hoop while
they are green painted. Premise is two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers. It is entailment to say women perform because they are green painted. Premise is two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers
they are watching the performance. Premise is two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers. It is entailment to say people are nearby because they are watching the performance. Premise is two green painted women perform for a
irises are green.  The inference is that irises bloom paisley.  The inference is that irises bloom paisley.  The inference is that irises bloom paisley.
kayaking is not a sport.  The inference is that the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.  The inference is that the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.  The
tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line. It is entailment to say tennis player is playing tennis because tennis player is playing tennis. It is entailment to say tennis player is playing tennis because tennis player spikes the
the tennis player is winning the game. The tennis player is winning the game because the tennis player is winning the game. The tennis player is winning the game because the tennis player is winning the game. The tennis player is
it is not necessary to specify gender.  Now, let's say that the police officer is a woman. Then, it is necessary to specify gender because it is necessary to
it is a contradiction to say a person is on a bike.  The inference is that the person is on a motorcycle.  The inference is that the person is on a motorcycle because it is a contradiction
the fireman is not on the side of the street.  The inference is that the fireman is not on the side of the street.  The inference is that the fireman is not
it is not a statement about the grass. It is a statement about the dogs.  The inference is that the dogs ran through the grass. The inference is that the dogs ran through the grass because the dogs ran through the grass
it is not possible to sleep in the shade of an old tree.  The inference is that the dogs sleep in the shade of an old tree.  The inference is that the dogs sleep in the shade of an old
dogs run. Premise is three dogs run through the grass. It is entailment to say dogs run because grass runs. Premise is three dogs run through the grass. It is entailment to say grass runs because dogs run. Premise is three dogs
they are kneeling together on the ground. Premise is two girls are kneeling on the ground. Premise is entailment to say two girls kneel together on the ground because they are kneeling together on the ground. Premise is
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the ring.  Now, if we say "the girls are kneeling on the ground looking for a ring" we are saying that
it is contradictory to say two girls are kneeling on the ground.  Premise is two girls are kneeling on the ground. It is contradiction to say two girls stand around the vending machines because it is contradictory to say two girls are kneeling
they are not drunk.  The inference is that the woman is drunk and the man is not.  The inference is that the woman is drunk and the man is not.
they are drunk. Premise is entailment to say a drunk looking woman hugging a drunk looking man because they are drunk. Premise is entailment to say a drunk looking woman hugging a drunk looking man because they are drunk.
it is not a statement about the woman or the man. It is a statement about the shirt.  Now, if you say "the woman
they are standing together. It is also neutral to say they are from different families because they are standing apart.  Now, suppose we want to infer that the people are
they are amish.  The inference is that the people standing outside near water are amish.  The inference is that the people standing outside near water are
they are standing at a fence.  The inference is that the amish group are standing at the fence because they are running through the field.  The
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the man trying to tackle the player.  The inference is that the man
he is a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team. Premise is entailment to say a
he is not a pitcher.  Premise is a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team. It is
the boy and girl are standing on the median. The boy and girl are standing on the median because they are standing on the lakeshore. The boy and girl are standing on
they are standing on a median. Premise is a boy and a girl stand in a median amongst mike huckabee signs. It is entailment to say two people stand
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the man is sad because he is hanging sausages in a market.  The
women are not men. So, the inference is that the man is hanging sausages in the market.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man is hanging saus
it is entailment to say a person is hanging sausages in a market because it is entailment to say a person is hanging sausages in a market because it is entailment to say a
they are dressed in business clothing.  The inference is that the man with the tie on is a business associate of the people walking by.  The inference
the man with the tie is standing still and talking on his cellular phone.  Premise is people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one
they are walking by while the man is standing still.  The inference is that the man with the tie is talking on his cellular phone.
the man is sitting outside.  The inference is that the man is playing the musical instrument outside.  The inference is that the man is playing the musical instrument outside.  The inference is that the man is playing the
he is sitting outside playing a musical instrument. Premise is entailment to say the man is sitting outside playing a musical instrument because he is sitting outside playing a musical instrument. Premise is entailment to say the man is sitting outside
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion. The inference is that the man is playing a saxophone because he is sitting outside playing a musical instrument.  The inference is that the man is playing a saxophone
it is a contradiction to say a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.  Premise is a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk. It is contradiction to say
it is neutral to say a large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.  The inference is that the tattooed woman is a programmer.  The inference is that the
she is tattooed. Premise is entailment to say a woman clicking on a mouse on a desk because she is tattooed because she is clicking on a mouse on a desk. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the job.  Premise is a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path. It is neutral to say
the person is walking down a stone path.  The inference is that the person is walking down a stone path.  The inference is that the person is walking down a stone path.  The
it is raining. Premise is entailment to say the person is walking outside because it is raining because it is raining. Premise is entailment to say the person is walking outside because it is raining because it
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about the garbage can.  Premise is a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.
she is looking to add to her shopping cart. Premise is entailment to say lady digs through garbage because she is looking to add to her shopping cart. Premise is entailment to say lady digs
she is not a mother.  The inference is that lady is making burger for herself.  The inference is that lady is making burger for her kids.  The inference is that
they are not on a city block.  Premise is a man and woman look upward on a city block. It is contradiction to say a man and woman are scuba diving because they are not on a city
a boat is not a city block.  The inference is that the man and woman are on a boat.  Premise is a man and woman look upward on a city block. It is contradiction to say
they are looking upward on a city block. Premise is a man and woman are in a metropolitan area because they are looking upward on a city block. Premise is a man and woman are in a metropolitan
the black woman is laying out literature.  The inference is that the black woman is laying out literature because she is toasting marshmallows on a barbecue grill.  The inference is that the black
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the pamphlets.  The inference is that the woman is laying out literature because she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is
she is laying out literature. It is entailment to say she is handling printed material because she is laying out literature. It is entailment to say she is handling printed material because she is black. It is entailment to say she
it is not a statement about the dog. It is a statement about the army.  Premise is a member of the army is walking with a german
the dog has something in its mouth.  Premise is a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog
he is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in his mouth.  The inference is that the member of the army practices his
no one was able to drive to the camp site.  The inference is that someone drove to the camp site.  The inference is that someone drove to the camp site.
cars are at the foot of the mountain. Premise is some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain. It is entailment to say cars and tents are
they are young. Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. It is entailment to say for boys are flexing because they are young. Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. It is entailment
it is not a contradiction to say 4 women are dancing.  Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. It is contradiction to say 4 women are dancing because it is not a contradiction to say 4 women are dancing.
they are flexing together. But it is not neutral to say they are friends because they are flexing together.  Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. It is neutral to say they are friends because they are flexing together
a firefighter is not a cat.  The inference is that the firefighter is ready to tackle a car fire.  The inference is that the firefighter is ready to tackle a car fire. Premise
he has a hose ready. Premise is entailment to say a firefighter is about to put out a fire because he has a hose ready. Premise is entailment to say a firefighter is about to
it is a male firefighter. It is not neutral to say a female firefighter checks her hose before using it because it is a female firefighter.  The same reasoning applies to gender. It is neutral to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bike. The second premise is man rides bike for the first time. It is a statement about the man. The third premise is man rides bike for
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the bike.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man is a cyclist. We can do this by using the following rules:
he has a blue shirt and yellow shirt. Premise is man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike. It is entailment to say a man rides a bike because he has a blue shirt and yellow shirt. Premise is man with blue
it is entailment to say a boy and his father talk to a man dressed as santa claws.  Premise is a little boy and his father talking to a
it is not a natural language inference.  Premise: A girl and her father speak to santa claus.  Conclusion: A girl and her father speak to
it is not a statement about the boy or his father. It is a statement about santa claus.  Now we can say that the boy and his father
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  The inference is that the man is talking to his boss. The inference is not that the man is a man. The
he is filling his car with gas. Premise is a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas. It is entailment to say a man is
he is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.  The inference is that the man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.  The inference is that the man
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight
the museum of modern art is closed.  The inference engine is a computer program that can make inferences based on the premises. The inference engine can make inferences based
they are working on a building. It is not neutral to say the men are very careful because they are working on a building because it is a statement about the men. The
he is eating cake. Premise is entailment to say a little boy is eating cake because he is eating cake. Premise is entailment to say a little boy is eating cake because he is eating cake. Premise
he is eating cake. Premise is entailment to say a boy is eating cake because he is eating cake. Premise is entailment to say a boy is eating cake because he is eating cake. Premise is entailment
it is a girl. So, the inference is that the boy is eating cake.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon. It is contradiction to
he ate chocolate cake with his fingers. Premise is entailment to say a child has chocolate all over his hand because he held the spoon in his other hand. Premise
they are holding the spoon in their other hand.  Premise is a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand. It is contradiction to say
it is entailment to say a child eats cake with his hands. Premise is entailment to say a child eats cake with his hands because it is entailment to say a
he is a man.  Premise is a man in a hard hat looks intimidated. It is entailment to say he is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat because he
he's intimidated.  The inference is that he is intimidated because he is in a hard hat.  The inference is that he is intimidated because he is in a hard
he is wearing a hard hat. It is not neutral to say the man is the foreman because he is wearing a hard hat and he is a man.  The inference is that the man is the foreman
the boy is not standing in the same row as the women.  The inference is that the boy is
books are strewn on a table.  Premise is six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and
it is not a statement about the women's personalities.  Now, let's say we want to say that the women are looking at books
it is true. It is false to say turtles are crawling in the dark green grass because it is false.  The inference is that children are crawling in the light green
children are crawling in the green grass.  Premise is children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass. It is
turtles are crawling in the green grass.  Premise is children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass. It is
it is adorable. Premise is entailment to say a child is adorable because it blocks a soccer ball from entering the goal. Premise is entailment to say a child is adorable because it blocks a soccer ball
he is not a goalie. Premise is a cute child. Premise is a cute child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal. Premise is a cute child leaping to block a
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the ball.  Premise is a statement about the ball. It is not a statement about the child.  Premise
it is entailment to say boat sailing by because it is entailment to say four people sitting by the water because it is entailment to say boat sailing by because it is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the boat. It is a statement about the people. The boat is not a person. The boat is a boat. The boat is not a person. The boat is
it is not possible.  The inference is that the boat is sailing by.  The inference is that the boat is sailing by.  The inference is that the boat is sailing by
she is wearing a hat.  The inference engine is a computer program that can make inferences based on the given information.  The inference engine can make inferences based on the given information.  The inference
he is making a sand sculpture. Premise is entailment to say a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture because he is working with sand. Premise is entailment to say a guy with long
it is not a statement about the guy. It is a statement about the activity.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the guy. It is
it is not a statement about the team itself. It is a statement about the sport.  The inference is that the team is performing in a national competition. The inference is that the team
they are playing volleyball.  The inference is that the volleyball team is at the beach celebrating because they are playing volleyball.  The inference is that the volleyball team is at the beach celebrating because
it is in a gymnasium. Premise is entailment to say a sports team is in a gym because it is in a brown and green gymnasium. Premise is entailment to
she is a woman or because she is adjusting the time on her watch because she is playing with her watch.  The inference is that she is adjusting the time on her watch because she is playing with her watch.
she is bored. Premise is entailment to say a woman is fidgeting because she is bored. Premise is entailment to say a woman is fidgeting because she is bored. Premise is entailment to say
she is a woman. Premise is a young lady toying with her watch. It is contradiction to say a woman is fidgeting with her wallet because she is a woman. Premise is a young lady toying
she is wearing a red dress.  The inference is that the woman is walking on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the woman is walking on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the woman is
it is not a statement about her date. It is a statement about her.  Premise is a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk. It is neutral to say the lady is
she is walking on the sidewalk. Premise is a woman in a red dress is outdoors because she is walking on the sidewalk. Premise is a woman in a red dress is outdoors because she is walking on
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the act of taking pictures.  Now let's say we have a picture of a girl smiling and another girl looking into camera. We can infer that the girl smiling
they are smiling.  The inference is that the girls are smiling because they are happy.  The inference is that the girls are happy because they are smiling.  The inference is that the girls are smiling because they are happy
they are happy.  Premise is two girls looking into camera and smiling. It is entailment to say two girls grin into the camera because they are happy.  Premise is two girls looking into camera and smiling. It
the women are wet. The inference is that the street is wet.  The inference is based on the premise that the street is wet. The inference is based on the premise that the street is wet.
the premise is true.  The inference is that there are three women in the group.  The inference is that there are three women in the group.  The
they are walking in the rain. It is also neutral to say the women each have umbrellas because they are walking in the rain with umbrellas.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the woman walking down the street.  Now, if we say that the woman is walking to work, we are saying that she is walking to work because she is a
a woman walks down the street.  Premise is a woman walks down the street. It is contradiction to say a woman rides a bike because a woman walks down the street.  Premise is a woman walks down the street. It is
she is a lady. Premise is entailment to say a lady is walking down a street because she is walking down a street. Premise is entailment to say a lady is walking down a street because she is walking down a street
they are kids. It is entailment to say a couple of kids are wearing pajamas because they are wearing pajamas. It is entailment to say a couple of kids are wearing pajamas because they are
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the day.  Now, if we say that the kids are wearing pajamas, we are making a statement about the kids.
they are wearing pajamas.  The inference is that the kids are wearing pajamas.  The inference is that the kids are wearing bathing suits.  The inference is that the kids are wearing p
she is walking on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the woman is walking on the sidewalk and talking on her cellphone.  The inference is that the woman is walking on the sidewalk and talking on her cellphone
it is not clear whether she is talking to her boyfriend or her boss.  The sentence "She is talking to her boyfriend" is ambiguous. It could mean that she is talking to her boyfriend or
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman is talking on her phone and walking down a sidewalk because she is talking on her phone. Premise is entailment to
she is standing in an outdoor marketplace. Premise is an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace. It is entailment to say a female is outdoors at a bazaar because she is standing in an outdoor marketplace.
it is not a statement about her character. It is a statement about her behavior.  Now, suppose we want to say that she is a good person. We can say that she is a good
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace.  The inference is that an american shops at the supermarket.  The inference is that an american shops at the supermarket.  The inference is that an americ
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the festival.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The girl is enjoying food at a mex
they are carnivores. Premise is false. Conclusion is lady enjoys tacos. Premise is true. Conclusion is true. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is true. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is true. Conclusion is false. Conclusion is true.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the festival.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a statement about a girl. Premise is a girl
he is a man or because he is respected because he is a gentleman. The inference is that the man is respected because he is a man.  The same is true for inference. Premise is the gentleman is speaking while the others are
he is speaking.  Premise is the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening. It is entailment to say the man is being given respect because he is speaking.  Premise is the gentleman is speaking while
he is listening.  The inference is that the man is talking.  The inference is that the man is talking.  The inference is that the man is talking.  The inference is that the man is talking.
it is not wood.  The inference is that the old woman is sitting down by a wooden building.  The inference is that the old woman is sitting down by a wooden building
it is not a person. The old woman is not a person either. The building is old because it is not a person. The old woman is not a person because she is old.
there is an old woman. Premise is entailment to say there is an old woman because there is a building. Premise is entailment to say there is an old woman because
they are performing. Premise is a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy. It is entailment to say a street performer and young boy are
it is not necessary to know the apprentice's gender.  Now, let's say we want to say that the street performer is working with a boy. We can use the following sentence:
he is not performing on stage.  The inference is that the boy is performing on stage.  The inference is that the boy is performing on stage.  The inference is that the boy
some motorcycles wearing black inside. Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. It is entailment to say some motorcycles wearing black outside because some motorcycles wearing black inside. Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. It is entailment to say
few motorcycles in black are wearing black. Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. It is entailment to say few motorcycles in black are wearing black. Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. It is entailment to say few motorcycles in
it is contradictory to say some motorcycles wearing black.  The inference is that motorcycles wearing black are a group of motorcycles wearing black.  The inference is that motorcycles wearing black are a group of motorcycles wearing black.  The inference is that motorcycles wearing
a person is sweeping. Premise is there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk. It is entailment to say a person sweeps because a person is sweeping. Premise is there is a green trash
she is a woman. It is also contradiction to say a woman mops because she is a woman and a trash truck is in road.  Premise is there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping
it is not a statement about the person sweeping. It is a statement about the garbage truck.  The garbage truck is neutral. It is not a statement about the person sweeping. It is a
it is not
gand
he is not young
men are not throwing books and talking outside in a courtyard.  The inference is that men are throwing books and talking outside in a courtyard.
they are sitting and standing in a courtyard.  The inference is a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some
it is not a statement about any particular group.  Now, let's say we want to say that a group of males are reading books and singing.
they are asian.  Premise is rose petals being thrown at an asian couple. It is entailment to say an asian couple are together because they are asian.  Premise is rose
they are not asian.  The inference is that the couple are asian because they are eating lunch.  The inference is that the couple are asian because they are eating lunch.  The inference is that
they are asian. It is neutral to say a couple just got married because they are asian and throwing rose petals. It is neutral to say a couple just got married because they are asian and throwing rose petals at
it is not a statement about the people on the street. It is a statement about the people laughing.  The inference is that the people on the street are laughing at people on the street.  The inference is that the people
they are friends. Premise is two friends having a laugh. It is entailment to say two friends are laughing because they are friends. Premise is two friends having a laugh. It is entailment to say two friends are laughing because they are friends.
they are having a laugh.  Premise is two friends having a laugh. It is contradiction to say two friends are having a picnic because they are having a laugh.  Premise is two friends having a laugh. It is contradiction to say
it is not a statement about the joke. It is a statement about the people laughing.  Now, let's say that the man and woman are laughing at a joke about a man and woman. It is not neutral to
they are laughing. Premise is entailment to say two people are happy because they are laughing. Premise is entailment to say two people are happy because they are laughing. Premise is entailment to say two people are happy because they are
they are laughing.  The inference is that the man and woman are laughing because they are crying.  The inference is that the man and woman are crying because they are laughing.  The inference is that the man and woman are laughing because
he is reading a book.  The inference is that the man is reading a book.  The inference is that the man is reading a book.  The inference is that
he is reading a book he just bought. It is also neutral to say a man is reading a book he just bought because he is reading a book he just bought. It is also neutral
the man is reading a book. It is entailment to say a man is reading a book because the man is sitting on a bench outside of a store. It is entail
they are wearing helmets and knee pads.  The inference is that people know how to skate because they are wearing helmets and knee pads.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is neutral to say people are rollerblading because they are rollerblading. It is neutral to say people
it is not a team sport. It is also neutral to say people are rollerblading in a park for fun because it is not a team sport.
it is not specific to christmas. It is specific to christmas to say people are shopping for christmas decorations.  The inference is that people are shopping for christmas decorations because they are shopping for decorations.  The
they are not shopping around christmas time.  The inference is that people are shopping around christmas time for decorations.  The inference is that people are shopping around christmas time for decorations.  The inference is
they are shopping around christmas time. It is entailment to say people are buying things because they are buying decorations. It is entailment to say people are buying things because they are buying decorations because they are shopping around christmas time.
everybody has a shirt. Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is true. Conclusion is false.
it is not a statement about the shirtless man. It is a statement about the person. The shirtless man is a person. The shirtless man is tall. The shirtless man is without a shirt. The shirtless man
he is shirtless. It is entailment to say a man without a shirt because he is skateboarding. It is entailment to say a man without a shirt because he is shirtless skateboarding. It is entailment to say
the baby stroller is not a baby.  The inference is that the person is not sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle.  The inference
a table is yellow and a stroller is blue. Premise is a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle
she is taking a break from her baby. It is also neutral to say a mom takes a break from her baby because she is taking a break from her picnic
it is possible that she is listening to music through speakers.  The inference is that the lady is wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while
she is sitting in the train.  The inference is that the lady is reading a book.  The inference is that the lady is reading a book.  The inference
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange
it is driving in the snow in the winter.  Premise is a yellow car drives across a snowy path. It is entailment to say a yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter because
a yellow car is driving on a snowy day.  The inference engine is a computer program that can analyze the sentence and determine if the sentence is true or false.  The inference engine is a computer program that can
it is a yellow car. It is neutral to say a yellow car is driving down a path of snow because it is a yellow car. It is neutral to say a yellow car is driving down a path of snow because
he is surfing. It is entailment to say that man is on a surfboard because he is in a boat. It is entailment to say that man is in a boat because he is surfing
the boat is pulling him.  The inference is that the man is riding a surfboard.  The inference is that the man is riding a surfboard.  The inference is that
he is outdoors. Premise is a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him. It is entailment to say the man is surfing outdoors because he is outdoors. Premise is a
it is entailment to say a crowd of people stand in the street because it is entailment to say a crowd of people stand in the street because it is entailment to say a crowd
a crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train.  The crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train because a crowd of people
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the produce.  The crowd of people pick through produce at farmer's market is a statement about the
it is not a statement about the people inspecting the trees. It is a statement about the woodpeckers.  The inference is that the people inspecting the trees are woodpeckers.  The inference
four people stand in front of trees. Premise is four people stand in front of trees. It is entailment to say four people outdoor because four people stand in front of trees. Premise is four people stand in front of trees. It is entail
he is not standing in front of a tree.  The inference is that the guy eating lunch is not standing in front of a tree.  The inference is that the guy eating lunch is not standing in front of a
they are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors.  Premise is a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event. It is neutral
someone has attended the outdoor street event.  Premise is a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event. It is contradiction to say no one has attended the outdoor street
it is a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event. Premise is entailment to say the outdoor street event has attracted many people because it is a young couple and
it is neutral to say kid plays in a jumping tent.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says kid plays in a jumping tent. We can infer that kid plays in a jumping tent because kid celebrates
it is neutral to say rent your own bouncy house today. It is also neutral to say rent your own bouncy house today because it is neutral to say rent your own bouncy house today. It is also neutral
we know that the boy is in a tent.  The inference is that the boy is in a tent because he is playing in a jumping tent.  The inference is that the
there are buildings in the background.  The inference is that the cars are driving through an empty field because there are buildings in the background.  The inference is that the cars are driving through an empty
they are going down a street in thailand.  The inference engine is a computer program that can make inferences about the world based on the data it has. It can infer that vehicles are
they are passing by a traditional architecture style of thailand.  Premise is several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand. It is entailment to say vehicles are moving because they are passing by a traditional
she was walking. But it is not neutral to say she was walking up the stairs because she was walking. The inference is that she was walking up the stairs because she was old.  The inference is that she was walking up the stairs because she
she was walking down the stairs.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction between the two sentences. It will find a contradiction between the two sentences if there is a contradiction between the two sentences.  The inference engine will
she was walking up the stairs. Premise is old lady climbing up the stairs. It is entailment to say the old lady was walking up the stairs because she was walking up the stairs. Premise is old lady climbing up the
he is wearing a green shirt. Premise is a man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a
he is wearing a green shirt.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Look at the
they are not washing a car. Premise is a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry. It is contradiction to say teens are washing a car because they are not washing a car. Premise is a group of brown-haired teenagers
they are brown-haired. Premise is entailment to say group of teens are doing laundry because they are teenagers. Premise is entailment to say group of teens are doing laundry because they are doing laundry. Premise is
it is a neutral statement.  Now, let's say we want to say that group of teens are doing laundry because they are doing laundry. We can say that group of teens are doing laundry because
the child is dressed in warm winter clothes. Premise is entailment to say a child plays in the snow while dressed in
it is cold outside.  Premise is a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in
it is not a statement about the child's gender. Premise is a statement about the child's gender. Premise is
he is an older gentleman.  The inference is that the older gentleman is dancing at a club.  The inference is that the older gentleman is dancing at a club.
the older man is wearing a hat and glasses. Premise is entailment to say an older man in clothing accessories is crad
it is not a statement about the man's character or personality. It is a statement about the man's actions.  Prem
he is wearing a costume. Premise is entailment to say the man is sitting on a brick wall because he is wearing a costume because he is sitting on a brick wall. Premise is entailment to say the man
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is sitting on a brick wall. The inference is that he is at a faire because he is wearing renaissance clothing.  The inference is not that he is wearing
he is sitting on a brick wall. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is
she is wearing purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat. Premise is entailment to say a girl is climbing up a ladder because she
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the scenery.  Premise is a young girl with purple pants, a striped
they are waiting for the plumber. But it is not neutral to say a group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber because they are waiting for the plumber. The
it is a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps. Premise is a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps. It is entailment to say a group of people are sitting
they are sitting on the steps.  The inference is that the dogs are waiting for their master because they are sitting on the steps.  The inference is that the dogs are waiting for their master because
it is alive.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the premises and the conclusion. It is trained to recognize the premises and the conclusion. It is trained to recognize the premises
the woman has four legs. Premise is entailment to say the horse has four legs because the woman has four legs. Premise is entailment to say the horse has
another skateboarder is watching.  Premise: A skateboarder is jumping his board in the air.  Ensure entailment: A skateboarder is jumping his
they are rollerblading.  Premise is the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches. It is contradiction to say two guys are rollerbl
it is not saying anything about the skateboarder. It is only saying that the skateboarder is jumping.  Now, let's say we want to say
he is stirring the water around in the box. It is not neutral to say he is testing out his new miniature boats because he is stirring the
she is not a man.  Premise is a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box
he stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water. Premise is entailment to say a man has hair on his
he is tending to his chores.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. It will check if the sentence is true. 2. If it is true, it will check if the sentence is false.
they tend to their chores. Premise is entailment to say a farmer tends to their chores because they work on their farm. Premise is entailment to say a farmer tends to their chores because they work on their farm. Premise is
it is neutral to say a farmer feeds their cows. It is not neutral to say a farmer feeds their cows because they are cows.  The same applies to the word "tends". It is neutral to say a farmer tends to their chores because
he is wearing a red jacket. Premise is a guy is wearing a red jacket is snowboarding in midair. Premise is entailment to say a guy is doing snowboard tricks because he is wearing
he is wearing a red jacket.  The inference engine is able to infer that the guy is snowboarding in midair.  The inference engine is able to infer that the guy is snowboarding
he is wearing a red jacket. Premise is entailment to say a guy is outside in the snow because he is wearing a red jacket. Premise is entailment to say a guy is outside in the
it is neutral to say a man plays the trombone on the sidewalk. It is not neutral to say a man plays the trombone on the sidewalk because it is not neutral to say a man plays the trombone on
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion. It is a conclusion that is true or false. It is a conclusion that is true or false. It is a conclusion that is true or false. It is a conclusion that is true or false
it is a natural inference. It is not entailment to say a big group marches around because it is a natural inference. It is not entailment to say a big group marches around because it is a natural inference. It is not entailment to say
it is not a contradiction to say a older man working at a loom.  The inference is that the older man is working at the loom.  The inference is that the older man is working at the loom
he is an old man working at a loom. Premise is entailment to say an old man working at a loom because he is an old man. Premise is entailment to say an old man working at a lo
it is not a statement about the man himself.  The sentence is a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man himself because it is a statement about the man himself.  The sentence is a
it is neutral to say a group of women are shopping for a new laptop. It is not neutral to say a group of women are shopping for a new laptop because it is not neutral to say a group of
the premise is four women.  The inference is that the women are looking at laptops because they are women.  The inference is that the women are looking at laptops because they are women.  The
it is entailment to say a group of women are looking at laptops together.  Premise is four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops. It is entailment to say a group of
they are shopping for computers at a large store. Premise is many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart. It is entailment to say women are shopping for computers at a large
it is not a statement about women. It is a statement about dell computers.  Now, if you say women are shopping for dell computers, you are making a statement about women. You are saying
they are shopping for lamb chops.  The inference is that women are shopping at walmart for laptops because they are shopping for laptops.  The inference is that women are shopping at walmart for
the apple pie is a natural language inference.  The natural language inference is a contradiction because it is a contradiction.  The natural language inference is a contradiction because it is a contradiction.  The natural
they are together. Premise is entailment to say a dad and his child are eating apple pie because they are together. Premise is entailment to say a dad and his child are eating apple pie because they
he has an apple pie. Premise is entailment to say a dad has an apple pie because he has a child. Premise is entailment to say a dad has a child because he has an apple pie. Premise
she is in the sunshine. But it is not neutral to say a woman is in the sunshine because she is blond-haired.  Premise is a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a
she is not blond-haired.  The inference engine will try to infer the truth of the statement "Premise is a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt
she is reading. It is also neutral to say a woman is reading outside because she is reading a book. The second premise is that she is reading a book about blondes. The third premise is that she is
watermelon is not a pumpkin.  The inference is that the boy is holding a pumpkin.  The inference is that the boy is holding a pumpkin because the boy is holding a pumpkin.
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the pumpkin.  Premise is a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch. It is neutral to
it is entailment to say a child is holding something orange.  Premise is a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch. It is entailment to say a child is holding
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about boats passing by.  The inference is that the man is watching boats pass by.
it is contradictory to say a man is wearing a dress while sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water.  The inference is that the man is wearing a
the man wearing a hat is sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water. Premise is entailment to say the man wearing a hat is
it is a dog. Premise is entailment to say a dog walks away from a dog because it is a dog. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the lake.  The inference is that the dogs are playing together at the lake
they are brown and white.  The inference is that the pets sit outside because they are brown and white.  The inference is that the pets sit outside because
they were observing an event while one in military attire took a photograph.  Premise is a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph. It is
it is not a statement about the shuttle launch itself.  The inference is that the military person is taking a photograph of the shuttle launch.  The inference is that the military person
they are watching something.  Premise: A group of women are observing an event.  E entailment: One woman is taking a photograph.
it is not a statement about the dancers themselves. It is a statement about the dancers' profession.  Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist. It is neutral to say a pair of
she is wearing lingerie. Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist. It is entailment to say a woman wears lingerie because she is wearing lingerie. Premise is two women in lingerie
they are women. Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist. Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist. Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around
there are two stuffed animals. Premise is two small girls are holding stuffed animals. It is entailment to say there are two children in this picture because there are two stuffed animals. Premise is two small girls are holding stuffed animals
it is not a statement about the girls or their mother. It is a statement about the easter bunny.  The inference is that the girls are holding their easter bunny
chocolate is not eaten in the parade.  The inference is that the girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade.  The inference is that the girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade.
tree is near.  Premise is some children play in the grass outside near a tree. It is entailment to say children playing outside because tree is near.  Premise is some children play in the grass outside near a
children play in the grass outside near a tree.  The inference is that children play in the grass outside near a tree.  The inference is that children play in the grass outside near a tree.  The inference is
they are playing in the grass.  Premise is some children play in the grass outside near a tree. It is contradiction to say children playing outside climbing trees because they are playing in the grass.  Premise is some
it is a neutral statement. The dog is playing fetch with his owner because it is a positive statement. The dog is playing fetch with his owner because it is a negative statement. The dog is playing fetch with
it is not a dog.  The inference is that the dog is eating from a bowl.  The inference is that the dog is eating from a bowl.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say a dog holds a ball in his mouth. Premise is entailment to say a dog mouth holds a retrieved ball because it is entailment to say a dog retrieves a ball
it is contradiction to say two man walking on the road in rain.  The inference is that the basketball player is guarding the player in the orange uniform.
the blue uniform player is guarding the orange uniform player.  The inference is natural because it is a consequence of the
it is not a statement about the players. It is a statement about the ball.  Now let's say the player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the
they are wearing orange outfits. But it is not neutral to say the outfits are orange because they are wearing bright outfits.  Premise is a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk. It is neutral to
they are walking hand and hand. Premise is entailment to say a couple is walking hand and hand because they are wearing bright outfits. Premise is entailment to say a couple is wearing bright outfits because they
they are wearing bright outfits.  The inference engine is able to infer that the couple is wearing bright outfits because they are walking hand and hand.  The inference engine is able to infer that the couple is walking hand and
she is reading a book and drinking in the sun.  Premise is a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the
it is not specific to any one book.  The inference is that she is reading a nicholas sparks book because she
she is reading a book and drinking in the sun.  Premise is a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the
dogs sleep on the floor.  The inference is that the black and brown dog sleeps on the floor.  The inference is that the black and brown dog sleeps on the floor.  The inference is
they are dogs. Premise is a dog is playing with a dog. It is entailment to say two dogs play because they are dogs. Premise is a dog is playing with a dog. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the toy.  Now let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the dogs. It is
he is old and holding a sign for tattoos.  The inference is that the man is vangogh because he is old and holding a sign for tattoos.  The inference is that the man is
he is holding a sign for tattoos. The inference is that he is a tattoo artist because he is holding a sign for tattoos. Premise is a man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street
he is holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street.  Premise is an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street. It is entailment to say
it is a fact. It is neutral to say the new chinese history exhibit is open at the museum because it is a fact. It is neutral to say the new chinese history exhibit is open at the museum
they are looking at art. It is entailment to say people are looking at art because they are tall. It is entailment to say people are looking at art because they are oriental. It is entailment to say people are looking
they are looking at art piece.  The inference is that people are running a marathon because they are looking at art piece.  The inference is that people are running a marathon because they are looking at art piece.  The inference
he is a biden supporter. The inference is that the obama supporter is upset because he is a biden supporter.  The inference is that the obama
he is a supporter of the candidate. It is also neutral to say a man is at a political rally because he is a supporter of his running mate. The inference is that the man is a supporter
they are a supporter of that candidate. Premise is an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate. It is entailment to say someone is cheering for a presidential
he is dressed in a suit and bowler hat.  Premise is a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaph
he is playing a sousaphone.  Premise is a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaph
baseball caps are not worn by men.  The inference is that the man is wearing a baseball cap.  The inference is that the man
he is examining his facial hair.  Premise is a man examines his facial hair. It is contradiction to say the man is sleeping because he is examining his facial hair.  Premise is a man examines his facial hair. It is contradiction to
he is going to a party. It is not neutral to say he is deciding whether he should trim his beard because he is going to a party because he is going to a party because he is going to a party because he is going
he is examining his facial hair. Premise is entailment to say the man is looking at his face because he is examining his facial hair. Premise is entailment to say the man is looking at his face because he is examining his
it is a contradiction to say people are not walking in a road.  The inference is that people are watching sports center.  The inference is that people are watching sports center.
they are watching sports center. It is entailment to say people watching sports center because they are watching golf. It is entailment to say people watching sports center because they are watching golf because they are watching sports
there are people watching a golf putt. It is entailment to say there are people watching a golf putt because there are people in a sports center. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the cyclist. It is a statement about the windy road.  Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. It is neutral to say the cyclist falls down
it is entailment to say a cyclist is riding down a road. Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. It is entailment to say a cyclist rides down a road because it is entailment
he is riding.  Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. It is contradiction to say the cyclist is not riding because he is riding.  Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a
it is a computer. It is entailment to say an asian shows gadgets because it is a gadget. It is entailment to say an asian shows computers because it is a gadget because it is a computer. It is
he is asian. Premise is an asian technology demonstration of computers and other gadgets. It is contradiction to say the asian likes mexican food because he is asian. Premise is an asian
it is a dog. It is neutral to say a border collie is jumping to catch a tennis ball because it is a dog. It is neutral to say a border collie is jumping to catch a tennis
it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumps for a tennis ball. It is entailment to say a dog is mid-air, jumping to catch a tennis ball because it is
it is black and white.  Premise is a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball. It is contradiction to say a dog is napping on the bed because it is black and white.
they are in a conversation. Premise is a group of people having a conversation. It is entailment to say multiple people talk to each other because they are in a conversation. Premise is a group of people having a conversation. It
they are talking about politics. It is not neutral to say people are talking about politics because they are talking about politics in a particular way.  Premise is a group of people having a conversation. It is neutral to say people are talking about
they are not washing the dishes.  The inference is that people are washing the dishes because they are washing the dishes.  The inference is that people are washing the dishes because they are washing the dishes.  The inference is that people
he is wearing brown shirt.  The inference is that the man is down on one knee looking at machinery.  The inference is that the man is down on one
he is down on one knee. Premise is a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery. It is
he is dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts. The inference is that he is a repairman because he is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery.
it is a dog. Premise is entailment to say dog runs outside because it is happy. Premise is entailment to say dog runs outside because it is a german shepherd. Premise is entailment to say dog runs outside because
it is neutral to say dog runs outside.  The inference is that the german shepherd runs happily in the park.  The inference is that the german shepherd runs happily in the park.  The inference is that
it is not happy.  The inference is that dog lays down outside because it is happy.  The inference is that dog lays down outside because it is happy.  The inference is that dog lays down outside because it is happy
it is entailment to say a man is rolling a suitcase. Premise is a man is rolling a suitcase in front of flowers. Premise is entailment to say a man is standing in
it is not specific to any man. It is also neutral to say a man just got back from a vacation because it is not specific to any man. It is also neutral to say a man
the suitcase is rolling in front of the flowers. So, we can infer that the man is rolling the suitcase because he wants to go to the flower shop.  Now, let's say that the man is rolling the suitcase
they are not playing baseball.  The inference is that some people are playing baseball because they are scuba diving.  The inference is that some people are playing baseball
they are playing baseball. Premise is a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike. It is
he is ready to hit a home run. It is not neutral to say a boy is about to hit a home run because he is about to hit a home
they are not eating.  The inference is that uniformed people are eating.  The inference is that uniformed people are eating.  The inference is that uniformed people are eating
they are uniformed people.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a scene. We have three people in uniform observing the scene. Premise is three people in
they are observing a scene which is out of the picture.  Premise is three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture. It is entailment
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man is looking through a microscope because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man is looking through a microscope because he is a
it is a contradiction to say a lifeguard is looking through a microscope.  The conclusion is that the man in the lab coat is looking through a microscope.  The conclusion is that the man in the lab
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  The inference is that the man is a scientist because he is wearing a lab coat. The inference is not that the man is a man because he
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's behavior.  Premise is a young boy in green is practicing kicking. It is neutral to say the young boy is playing soccer because it is not
he is wearing green. The inference is that the young boy is wearing green.  The inference is that the young boy is wearing green because he is practicing kicking.  The inference is that the young boy is wearing green because he
he is practicing kicking. Premise is entailment to say the your boy is practicing kicking because he is practicing kicking. Premise is entailment to say the your boy is practicing kicking because he is practicing kicking. Premise
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the candy.  Now, let's say that the woman is a friend of the person who owns the candy store. Then we
she sews a dress. Premise is a woman sewing a dress because she takes candy off of a shelf and puts it in a box. Premise is a woman sewing a dress because she takes candy off
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman puts candy away because she is taking candy off of a shelf. Premise is entailment to say a woman takes candy off of a shelf
they are sitting in chairs.  The inference is that the man and woman are kissing in a car.  The inference is that the
they are performing a song together.  Premise is two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic
they are performing together.  The inference is that the man is playing guitar and the woman is singing. The inference is
the men are playing basketball. Premise is two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium. It is entailment to say the men are playing basketball with no audience because
they are playing basketball. It is not neutral to say the men are making shots because they are men.  The inference is that men are playing basketball because they are men.  The inference is that men
the stadium is empty.  The inference is that the men are playing in front of a huge crowd.  The inference is that the men are playing in front of a huge crowd
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Now, let's say we have a camera that captures a man walking in a transit station. We can infer that the man is a criminal because he
the man in dark clothing is not wearing a white suit.  The inference is that the man in dark clothing is not wearing a white suit.  The inference is that the man in dark clothing is not
it is entailment to say a man walking through a transit station because it is entailment to say a man walking through a transit station because it is entailment to say a man walking through a transit station because it is
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  Premise is a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.  Premise is a man is
he is surrounded by tools.  The inference is that the man is working in an art studio.  The inference is that the man is working in an art studio.  The inference is
he is surrounded by art supplies. Premise is entailment to say a man is working on art because he is surrounded by art supplies. Premise is entailment to say a man is working on art
it is entailment to say two girls eating cupcakes. Premise is two beautiful girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes. Premise is entailment to
it is true. It is also true that they are eating cupcakes. It is also true that they are eating cupcakes because their mom gave them to them. It is
boys don't eat cupcakes.  Premise is two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes. It is contradiction to say two boys eating
the person is dressed in black and red protective gear. Premise is entailment to say there is a track because the person is driving an atv on a track. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the tournament.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "There is a person dressed in black and
boats are not driven on tracks.  The inference is that the person is driving a boat.  The inference is that the person is driving a boat.  The inference is that the person
they are racing greyhounds.  The inference is that the greyhounds are racing greyhounds.  The inference is that the greyhounds are racing greyhounds.
they are racing greyhounds. Premise is entailment to say the dogs are racing down the track because they are racing greyhounds. Premise is entailment to say the dogs are racing down the track
they were wearing work attire.  The inference is that the two guys were working outside because they were wearing work attire.  The inference is that the two guys were working
they were not wearing safety gear.  The inference is that the workers were not wearing safety gear.  The inference is that the workers were not wearing safety gear.
they are walking along the edge of the road.  The inference is that they walked along the edge of the road.  The inference is that they drove the
it is neutral. It is not positive or negative. It is neutral.  Now let's say we
they are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons
it is entailment to say six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors
it is not specific to any one person.  Now let's say we want to say that he is looking at a particular suit. We can say that he is looking at a particular suit because
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we have a statement about a person. Premise is a man wearing a
he is looking at a gift. It is not neutral to say businessman is considering buying a gift because he is looking at a gift.  Premise is an older man wearing a suit
it is not a statement about the band members themselves.  Now, let's say we want to say that the drummer is sitting down. We can say that the drummer is
it is impossible to play the flute while sitting down.  The inference is that the man sitting down is the drummer.  The inference is that the man standing is the flute player.
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down. It is entailment to say two people are drumming because it is a
she is sitting at a table.  The inference is that the lady is sitting at a table.  The inference is that
she is wearing a blue dress and earrings. Premise is entailment to say a woman near a table because she is sitting at a
she is waiting for her order. It is also neutral to say she is waiting for her order because she is waiting for her order.
he is standing on the back of a truck.  The inference is that the man is standing on the back of the truck because he is driving down the street.  The
he is standing on the back of a truck. The man is wearing a blue shirt because he is standing on the back of a truck. The man is wearing a blue shirt because he is delivering
he is wearing a blue shirt. Premise is one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market. It is entailment to say the
he is flying through the air.  Premise is a person flying through the air on a bicycle. It is contradiction to say a person is riding his bike up the hill because he is flying through the air.
they were riding too fast. It is also neutral to say a person lost control because they were riding too fast and hit the curb.  The inference is that the person was riding too fast
they are flying through the air. Premise is entailment to say a person is flying through the air because they are on a bike. Premise is entailment to say a person is flying through the air because they are on
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the owner.  Now, let's say that the owner is a dog lover.
it is entailment to say dogs are carrying a big log in a meadow. Premise is entailment to say dogs are carrying a big log in a meadow because it is entail
they are carrying a log.  The inference is that dogs are running through water because they are carrying a log.  The inference is that dogs are running through water because they are carrying a
they are renovating the wall.  The inference is that the men are renovating the wall.  The inference is that the men are renovating the wall.  The inference is that the men are renovating the
they are renovating a wall. Premise is entailment to say two men are renovating a wall because they are working. Premise is entailment to say two men are working because they are renovating a wall. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the wall.  The second premise is that the men are renovating the wall. It is neutral to say they are renovating the wall because it is not a
it is not gender specific. The inference is that the men are fixing the side of the building.  The inference is that the men are fixing the side of the building.  The inference is that the men are fixing
they are fixing a building. It is entailment to say people fixing a building because they are fixing a building because they are fixing a building. It is entailment to say people fixing a building because they are fixing a building because
they are fixing the side of a building.  The inference is that the men are painting the side of the building.  The inference is that the men are painting the side of the building.  The inference is
the dog is brown and the cat is white.  The inference is that the dog is brown because it is sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.  The inference is that the
it is a contradiction to say a dog was sniffing his food before eating it. Premise is a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull. It is contradiction to say a dog
it is not a statement about the brown dog. It is a statement about the brown bull.  Premise is a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the person is cozy because it is cold outside.  The inference is that the person
the person is sitting on the corner.  The inference is that the person is wrapped in a blanket.  The inference is that the person is wrapped in a blanket.
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the location. The location is a place where a person can sit. The person is a person. The person is sitting
it is entailment to say a man on stilts is performing a trick for an audience.  Premise is a man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlook
it is not a statement about the man on stilts. It is a statement about the onlookers.  Premise is a man on stilts is performing
there are no people inside.  The inference is that there are people watching tv inside.  The inference is that there are people watching tv inside.  The inference is that there are people watching tv inside.
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the people are making transactions at an automated teller machine. Premise is three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine. It is
it is neutral to say three men waiting for an atm.  The inference is that the transaction is being made by a woman.  The inference is that the transaction is being made by a man.
it is not a statement about the fatness of the redheaded woman.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a statement about the fatness of the redheaded woman.  Premise: Prem
she is young and redheaded. Premise is entailment to say a young redheaded woman laughs at something because she is young and redheaded. Premise is entailment to say a young redheaded woman laughs at something because
it is a contradiction to say a young redheaded woman laughs at something.  Premise is a young redheaded woman laughs at something. It is contradiction to say a young redheaded man laughs at something because it is a
they are sleeping outside on a park bench.  Premise is a man and women sleeping outside on a bench. It is entailment to say a man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench
it is raining.  Premise is a man and women sleeping outside on a bench. It is entailment to say a couple asleep on a bench outside because it is raining.  Premise is a man and
they are not sleeping outside.  The inference is that the man and woman are sleeping together.  The inference is that the man and woman are sleeping together.  The inference is that the
he gets his photo taken. Premise is a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause. Premise is entailment to say a young boy gets his
the boy is a boy and the girl is a girl.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth of a sentence from
it is not a statement about the boy's mother. It is a statement about the boy's mother's relationship with mr. and mrs
she is wearing a hat.  Premise is a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings. It is contradiction to say a woman is sitting outside in the rain because she is wearing a hat. Conclusion is
they are protecting themselves from the virus. Premise is a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings. It is entailment to say a person is covering their face and hair because they are protecting themselves from
it is neutral to say a man is working in a restaurant. It is not neutral to say a man is working in a restaurant because it is not neutral to say a man is working in a restaurant.  The inference
they are both looking at something.  Premise is one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking
it is not a statement about the lady's intentions.  The inference is that the lady looking at the blue box
they are different people.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of sentences based on the context of the sentences
the man in the red shirt is catching the frisbee.  The inference is that the man in the red shirt is playing volleyball.
it is not necessary to say that the man in the red shirt is playing with them. It is necessary to say that the man in
they are on a vast expanse of grass.  Premise is two young men are on a vast, level expanse
everyone is awake in their bed.  The inference is that everyone is awake in their bed.  The inference is that everyone is asleep in their bed.  The inference is that everyone is awake in their bed.
there is at least one person cleaning the animal. Premise is entailment to say there is at least one person cleaning the animal because there is at least one person cleaning the animal. Premise is entailment to say there
they are cleaning the sea animal. It is also neutral to say the sea animal is at the beach because it is being cleaned.  Now, we want to infer that the people are cleaning the sea animal because they are at
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter. It is a statement of fact that two instructors are teaching
it is not possible to fly an airplane without a helicopter.  Premise is seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter. It is contradiction to say seven men are getting ready to fly an airplane because it is not possible
it is entailment to say there are men at the helicopter. Premise is seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter. It is entailment to say there are men at the helicopter because it is entailment to say there are men
the premise is that kids playing a video game is not a natural language inference.
they are wearing jerseys numbered 11 and 12.  Premise is a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt
a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11
it is neutral to say a rusty yellow car drives on a street. But it is not neutral to say a rusty yellow car drives on a street because it is neutral to say a rusty yellow car drives on a street.
it is entailment to say a car drives on a street. It is entailment to say a car drives on a street because it is entailment to say a car drives on a street. It is entailment to say
they drive a car.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction. The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the sentence as a contradiction
they are wearing basketball uniforms. Premise is entailment to say people are wearing basketball uniforms because they are playing basketball. Premise is entailment to say people are playing basketball because they are wearing basketball uniforms. Prem
they are both playing hockey.  The inference is that the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball.  The inference is that the basketball player in red is challenging the player
the basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white.  Premise: A basketball player in red is challenging the player
he is wearing a white shirt.  Premise is a man in a white shirt taking a picture. It is entailment to say a man takes a picture because he is wearing a white shirt.  Premise is a
the man is in a white shirt.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. The inference engine will look for the word "video" in the text.  2. The inference engine will look
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man's profession.  The inference is that the man is a photographer because he is taking a picture.  The inference is that the man is a photographer
she is wearing a robe and bikini with heels.  Premise is a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower
she is wearing a robe and bikini.  The inference is that she is standing next to a flower pot in her own home.  The
a dress is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a dress.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a
people are walking outside.  The inference is that people are walking outside the bar.  The inference is that people are sitting in the bar drinking.  The inference is that people are sitting in the bar drinking.
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  The inference is that people walk around outside after last call.  The inference is that people walk around outside after last call.  The inference
they walk outside. Premise is people walk outside 'the tempe bar'. It is entailment to say people move around outside because they walk outside. Premise is people walk outside 'the tempe bar'. It is entailment to say
a child swims in a pool.  The inference is that the child swims in the pool.  The inference is that the child swims in the pool.  The inference is that the child swims in the pool.
it is entailment to say a kid swims in water. Premise is child swimming in a pool. It is entailment to say a kid swims in water because it is entailment to say a kid swims in water. Premise
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the pool. The pool is a place where children swim laps. The pool is a place where children swim laps. The pool is a place where children swim laps. The
he is not wearing a white shirt.  The inference is that the man is sleeping in a sleeping bag.  The inference is that the man is sleeping in a sleeping bag.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the man's gender. But it is a statement about the man's gender if you say the man is hiking with his girlfriend.  The inference is that the man is hiking with his
he is wearing a white shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a white shirt because he is hiking. Premise is entailment to say a man is hiking because he is wearing a white shirt because he
it is not a dog. It is neutral to say the puppy is chasing a ball because it is chasing a toy. It is neutral to say the puppy is chasing a ball because it is chasing a toy. It is
it is not a toy.  Premise is a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy. It is contradiction to say the pet is chewing on a bone because it is not a toy.
it is running to catch a toy. Premise is a dog is running to catch a toy. It is entailment to say a dog is running to catch a colorful ball because it is running to
a dog is next to a window. Premise is entailment to say a dog is next to a window because a dog is next to a window. Premise is entailment to say a dog is next to a window because a
it is not a dog. It is a dog because it is next to a window.  Premise is a white dog next to a basement window. It is neutral to say a pomeranian next to a window because
cats are not dogs.  The inference engine is able to infer that the premise is true because it is able to infer that cats are not dogs.  The inference engine is able to infer that the premise is true because it is
she is not watching the ball. Premise is a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups. Premise is a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups. Premise is a
he is throwing the ball at the cups. The inference is that the man is outside because he is throwing the ball at the cups.  The inference is not that the man is outside because he is throwing the ball at the
he is throwing a ball. Premise is entailment to say the man is throwing a ball because he is playing a game. Premise is entailment to say the man is throwing a ball because he is playing a
it is not specific enough. It is also neutral to say a person walking in a tunnel is lost because it is specific enough.  The problem is that the person walking down the tunnel is not necessarily lost. It
it is entailment to say a person walking down a tunnel. It is entailment to say a person walking down a tunnel because it is entailment to say a person walking down a tunnel. It is entailment to say
the person walking down the tunnel is not sitting on a bench.  The inference is that the person walking down the tunnel is sitting on a bench.  The inference is that the person walking down the tunnel is sitting on
it's not a statement about the kid. It's a statement about the sign.  The sign says "Don't climb." The child climbs. The sign
the sign warns against it is a kid climbing some logs because the sign warns against it. Premise is a kid climbing some logs because the sign warns against it. It is entailment to say a kid
the sign says not to climb the logs.  Premise is a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it. It is contradiction to say
he wants to catch the tennis ball. Premise is entailment to say a dog is jumping because he wants to catch the tennis ball. Premise is entailment to say a dog is jumping because he
it is outside. It is not neutral to say a dog is a big black dog because it is not neutral to say a dog is a dog.  Premise is a big black dog jumps in the
it is black.  Premise is a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth. It is contradiction to say the dog is white because it is black.
of a sports car is a photographer.  Premise is a man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car. It is entailment to say a person
the tourist is not in the city.  The inference is that the man in the uniform is a tourist.  The inference is that the man in the uniform
it is not a statement about the girl or the ox. It is a statement about the girl and the ox.  The inference is that the girl is walking her
the ox is not in a desert.  The inference is that the little girl is walking her ox in a lush green field.  The inference is that the little girl
she is wearing a pink hat. Premise is entailment to say she is walking an ox because she is wearing a pink hat. Premise is entailment to say she is walking an
he is not performing a jumping stunt.  The inference is that the surfer is performing a jumping stunt.  The inference is that the surfer is relaxing on the beach.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the surfer. It is a statement about the action.  Now, let's say that the surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. The surfer is performing a jumping
the surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. The surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. The surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. The surfer is performing a jumping stunt in
it is entailment to say a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air.  Premise is a man is celebrating
it is entailment to say a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air.  Premise is a man is
it is contradictory to say a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air.  The inference is that the man is celebrating his
a man is standing at a podium.  The inference is that the woman is standing at the podium.  The inference is that the woman is standing at the podium.  The inference is that the woman is standing at the
she is standing at a podium. The inference is that she is talking about agriculture.  The inference is that she is talking about agriculture.  The inference is that she is talking about agriculture.  The inference is
she is a woman.  Premise is a woman is standing at a podium. It is entailment to say a person is at a podium because she is a woman.  Premise is a woman is standing at a podium
he is wearing a white button down shirt. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a white button down shirt because he is walking down the street. Premise is entailment to say the
the man is wearing a white shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a green shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a green shirt.  The inference is that
he is wearing a white shirt. It is also neutral to say the man is on his way to a movie because he is wearing a blue shirt.  Now let's say we want to say
he is a man. It is also contradiction to say a woman folding her laundry because she is a woman.  Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side by side. It is contradiction to say a man
they are eating side by side. Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side by side. Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side by side. Premise is a woman and a young girl
it is not a gender specific. However, it is not neutral to say a mother and her son eating sandwiches together because it is gender specific.  Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side
he is young and he is not riding his bike hard.  The inference is that the young boy is
it is not broken. It is also neutral to say the young boy's bike is broken because it is not broken. The inference
it is not a statement about the boy's height. It is a statement about the woman's height.  Now
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the event.  The same is true for the statement "The woman is blonde". It is not a statement about the woman herself. It is
she is blond. Premise is a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event. It is entailment to say the woman is wearing a blue shirt because she is blond. Premise is a
the woman is blonde. Premise is a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event. It is contradiction to say the woman is wearing a red shirt because the woman is blonde. Premise is a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the doughnut.  Premise is a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop. It is neutral to say a man
he is sitting down. It is entailment to say a person is sitting down because he is male. It is entailment to say a person is male because he is enjoying his coffee. It is entailment to say a
she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is a woman because she drinks coffee.  The inference is that the woman is a woman because she drinks coffee.  The inference is that the woman is a woman
it is entailment to say this guy is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle. Premise is entailment to say this guy is wearing a racing uniform while
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the uniform.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is wearing a blue
he is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle.  The inference engine is able to infer that the man is jumping rope because he is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle
she is preparing for dinner.  Premise is a happy woman who is preparing for dinner. It is contradiction to say a sad woman is watching tv because she is preparing for dinner.  Premise is a happy woman who is
it is not a statement about the woman herself. It is a statement about the woman's action.  Premise is a happy woman who is preparing for dinner. It is neutral to say a woman is cooking dinner for the
she is happy. Premise is entailment to say a woman is cooking because she is preparing for dinner. Premise is entailment to say a woman is cooking because she is preparing for dinner. Premise is entailment to say a woman
they are not waiting patiently.  Premise is a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv. It is contradiction to say a boy and girl are waiting patiently in line because they are not waiting patiently.
it is not a statement about the boy or girl. It is a statement about the toy suv.  The inference is that the toy suv is a toy suv
they are both pushing each other. Premise is entailment to say a boy and a girl are playing because they are both pushing each other. Premise is entailment to say a boy and a girl are playing because
he is facing the sign. The conclusion is that he is deciding to watch the movie.  Now, let's say that the man is deciding whether to watch the
he is at home watching tv.  The man is at home watching tv because he is at home watching tv.  The man is at home watching tv because he is at home watching tv.
there is a man standing outside of a theater.  Premise is the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign. It is entailment to say there is a man
he has hair. It is also neutral to say a man has a sweater because he has a sweater.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man has
he is wearing a sweater and a knit cap.  Premise is entailment to say a man is outdoors because he is wearing a sweater and a knit cap.
he is outdoors.  The inference is that the man is indoors because he is wearing a sweater and a knit cap.  The inference is that the man is indoors because
he is bearded is a bearded man. Premise is a man wearing a costume because he is bearded is a bearded man. Premise is a man wearing a costume because he is
he likes spiderman. It is also neutral to say a man dressing for a show because he likes spiderman and is a fan of spiderman.  Now, let's
he is not bearded.  The inference is that the man is wearing a tuxedo because he is bearded.  The inference is that the man is wearing a t
he is holding a football. Premise is entailment to say there is a crowd watching him because there is a crowd watching him. Premise is entailment to say there is a crowd watching him because there is a
it is a neutral statement. But if you say a quarterback looks for a receiver during a football game, you are making a statement about the quarterback. You are making a statement about the quarterback's behavior. You
there is no crowd watching him.  Premise is a guy with a football, a crowd watching him. It is contradiction to say there is a guy with a basketball because there is no crowd watching him.
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the school uniform.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "Two girls are walking." This is a statement about the
it is contradictory to say two girls are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts.  The inference is that the girls are walking together.  The inference is that the girls are
they are both wearing white shirts and blue shorts.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is entailment to say two girls are walking together because they are both wearing white shirts and blue shorts.
it is contradictory to say somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert.  Premise is a lone bike rider navigating a
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact that somebody is riding a bike on the nature trail.  Premise is a lone
it is entailment to say somebody is riding a bike outside. Premise is entailment to say somebody is riding a bike outside because it is entailment to
it is not a statement about the man's state of mind. It is a statement about the man's appearance.
he is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans. Premise is entailment to say a man
he is wearing a hat and smiling.  Premise is a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted
they are hugging. It is also neutral to say the women are hugging because they have rounded up the last cow for the fall.  The inference is that the
there are women in the picture. Premise is two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them. It is entailment to say there
they are hugging.  The inference is that they are at the bar because they are hugging.  The inference is that they are at the bar because they are hugging.  The
they are chefs. However, if you were to say the three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen because they
it is not a statement about their race.  The inference is that the three men are chefs. The inference is not
they are all wearing chef jackets.  The inference is that the three men are chefs. The inference is not that the two african americ
she is a woman.  Premise is basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop. It is contradiction to say a woman watching the game because she is a woman.  Premise is basketball referee watching a team
he is tired. But it is not neutral to say a man working hard because he is hungry.  The inference is that the referee is not neutral. He is biased towards the team player.  The inference is that the referee
he is a referee. It is entailment to say a referee watching a game because he is watching a game. It is entailment to say a referee watching a game because he is watching a game because he is watching a game
they are not skiers.  The inference is that the skiers are men and women.  The inference is that the skiers are men and women.
the sun is shining. Premise is entailment to say the group is skiing because the sun is shining. Premise is entailment to say the group is skiing because the sun is shining. Prem
it is not a statement about the skiers. It is neutral to say the sun sets because it is not a statement about the skiers. It is neutral to
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the light.  Now, let's say we want to say that the men are sitting under the sun because they are
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the sunset.  The inference is that the men are watching the sunset because they are standing on a hill.  The inference is that
the shapes are backlit by the sunset. Premise is four human figures are backlit by a sunset. It is entailment to say a beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four
she is not creative.  The inference is that the poster girl is creative.  The inference is that the poster girl is creative.  The inference is that the poster girl is creative.  The inference is that the
they are creative and making posters is creative. Premise is girls are making posters because they are creative and making posters is creative. Premise is girls are making posters because they are creative and making posters is creative. Premise is girls are
it is not a statement about the girls.  The inference is that the girls are using paints and markers on the signs because they are creative and making posters.  The inference is that the girls are using
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a man is writing. It is a fact that people are behind him. It is a fact that people are trying to
he is waiting for a flight. Premise is a man scribbles indoors because he is waiting for a flight. Premise is a man scribbles indoors because he is waiting for a flight
he is a man.  The inference is that the man waiting in the airport terminal is a gentleman.  The inference is that the man waiting in the airport terminal is a
it is not a statement about the teenager's gender.  The inference is that the teenager is male because the inference is that the teenager is
the teenager is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball.  The teenager is riding a horse in a
the premise is true. Premise is a teenager is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is that the man is the husband and the woman is the wife.  The inference is that the
they are both wearing black and white clothes.  The inference is that the man and woman are husband and wife.  The inference is that the man and
they are both wearing black and white clothes. Premise is a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and
he is looking at his reflection. Premise is entailment to say a kid is outside looking into the water because he is looking at his reflection. Premise is entailment to say
he is sitting on a rock.  The inference is that the boy is swinging on the swing because he is sitting on the rock.  The inference is that the boy is swinging on
he has a red shirt is trying to steal the ball to score for his team.  Premise is a statement about the world. It is
he is not wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the guy with the red shirt is the guy who is flying the plane.
they are wearing construction hats.  The inference is that the men are outside because they are wearing construction hats.  The inference is that the men are outside because they are wearing construction hats.  The inference is that the men are
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the construction crew.  Now, let's say we want to say that the construction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
they are wearing construction hats. Premise is three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats. It is entailment to say the men are outside because they are wearing construction hats. Premise is three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats
she is wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers.  The inference engine will infer that the young
it is not a statement about her personality
she is talking on her cellphone as she walks down the
she is holding a sign that says 'free hugs'.  The inference is that the black woman is holding a sign that says 'free hugs' because she is black.  The inference
it is not a statement about her age.  The inference is that the black woman is a black woman. The inference is not that the younger woman is a black woman.  The
she is black. Premise is entailment to say she is holding a sign because she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say she is holding a sign because she is black and
he is not running.  The inference is that the boy is running.  The inference is that the boy is running because he is dancing on his bed.  The inference is that the boy is
he is playing on a slip and slide. Premise is a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide. It is entailment to say a boy is running outside because he is playing on a slip and
he is playing on a slip and slide. Premise is a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide. It is entailment to say a boy is running because he is playing on a slip and slide.
it is neutral to say a blond boy is playing near a construction zone.  Now let's say we want to say a blond boy is playing
she is blonde and has blonde hair. Premise is entailment to say a blonde girl is playing because she is blonde and has blonde hair. Premise is entail
he is blond headed and wearing yellow boots and yellow jacket vest. Premise is entailment to say a blond child is playing because he is blond headed and wearing yellow
they are playing cards. It is also neutral to say people play cards because they are playing poker. It is also neutral to say people play poker because they are playing cards. It is also neutral to say people play cards because they are playing poker. It is
they are youngsters. Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game. It is entailment to say people play cards because they are youngsters. Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game. It is entailment to say people play cards because they
cat is not playing card game.  Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game. It is contradiction to say cat stares at dog because cat is not playing card game.  Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game. It
tennis is a sport. Premise is entailment to say women in white tennis outfits are jumping up to hit the ball because tennis is a sport. Premise is entailment to say women in white tennis outfits
it is not gender specific. It is gender specific to say women playing tennis because it is gender specific.  The inference is that the woman in the tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.  The inference is
tennis is a sport.  The inference is that women are jumping up to hit the ball.  The inference is that women are jumping up to hit the ball.  The inference is that women are jumping up
it is not possible to have four adults walking down the street.  Premise is four children are dancing around a pole in a city street. It is contradiction to say four adults are walking down the street because it
it is entailment to say they are dancing around a pole because they are children. Premise is four children are dancing around a pole in a city street. It is entailment to say four children are dancing around
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the number of children.  Now, let's say we want to say that the children are dancing around a pole in a city street. We can
it is entailment to say a bunch of kids play a game that requires them to run around a pole.  Premise is little kids play a game of running around
they are running around the pole.  The inference is that kids are fighting outside because they are running around the pole.  The inference is that kids are fighting outside because they are running around the pole.  The inference
there are kids outside playing. Premise is little kids play a game of running around a pole. Premise is entailment to say there are kids outside playing because there are kids outside playing. Premise is entailment to say
they are not working.  The inference is that the workers are working on their lunch break.  The inference is that the workers are working on their lunch break.  The inference is that the workers
they are late. However, it is not neutral to say a team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on schedule because they are late. The construction workers are hurrying to get
it is entailment to say a construction team is working in a subway station.  Premise is a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station. It is entailment to say a construction team
it does not imply that he is a good skateboarder because he is a man. It is also neutral to say a man is a good skateboarder because he
he performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky. Premise is entailment to say a man is riding a skateboard because he performs a
she is not on a skateboard.  Premise is a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky. It is contradiction to
they look on as a baseball player runs onto a base. It is entailment to say people play baseball because they look on as a baseball player runs onto a base. It is entailment to
it is a contradiction to say a cat jumps high.  The inference is that the cat jumps high. The inference is that the cat jumps high because it is a contradiction to say a cat
it is a contradiction to say two old ladies are making out at a strip club. Premise is a young girl holding a toddler. It is contradiction to say two old ladies are making out at a strip club because it is a
it is true. But it is not true that a sister holds her little brother because it is not true that a sister holds her little brother.  Premise is a young girl holding a toddler. It is neutral to say a sister holds her
they are holding each other. Premise is entailment to say two children together because they are holding each other. Premise is entailment to say two children together because they are holding each other. Premise is entailment to say two children together because they
there is a boat. Premise is entailment to say there is a man on a boat because there is a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat. Premise is entailment to say there is a grim looking man
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say the man drives his boat to work because he is hungover. The inference is that the man is hungover because he drives his boat to work.  The
he is happy.  The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces the conclusion. The inference engine is a computer program that takes the premises and produces the conclusion.  The inference engine is a computer program
they are not working.  The inference is that workers leaving the office after office hours are not filling orders.  The inference is that workers leaving the office after office hours are not filling orders.  The inference
workers filling orders at basking robbins are workers at basking robbins.  The inference is that workers filling orders at basking robbins are workers at basking robbins because
they are busy in filling orders. It is entailment to say workers busy in filling orders because they are busy in handling orders. It is entailment to say workers busy in handling orders because they are busy in filling orders. It
a man with a duffel bag walks with a girl pushing a cart down the street.  Premise is a man
it is not a statement about the man or girl. It is a statement about the street.  Premise is a
the man is not near the corner.  The inference is that the man is near the corner.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the store.  Premise is a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.  Premise is a man wearing a brown hood
red shirt is not a snack.  The inference is that the man is wearing a brown hoodie.  The inference is that the man is wearing a brown hoodie because brown hoodie is a snack.
he is shopping for snacks. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing brown because he is shopping for snacks. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing brown because he is shopping for snacks. Prem
it is not clear whether the friend is giving something to the woman in white or vice versa.  The inference is that the woman in white is
it is entailment to say a woman in white dress hands something to a woman in dark blue. Premise is entailment to say a woman
they are sisters.  The inference is that the woman in white dress is giving something to the woman in dark blue.  The inference is that the woman in
she is wearing a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Prem
she is not window shopping for a new outfit. Premise is a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking
she is not walking past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.  The inference is that the woman is sitting on the train
it is not a statement about the church. It is a statement about the newlyweds kissing.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The bride is kissing
they are kissing underneath the bride's veil.  The inference is that the newlyweds are kissing underneath the bride's veil.  The inference is that the newlyweds are kissing underneath the bride's
they are newlyweds. Premise is entailment to say two people kissing because they are newlyweds because they kissed. Premise is entailment to say two people kissing because they are newlyweds because they kissed because
she is a woman.  Premise: A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a
he is white is white. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Prem
it is not a statement about the man pushing him. It is a statement about the man pushing him.
it is entailment to say a woman is taking a picture. Premise is entailment to say a woman is taking a picture in cold weather because it is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about the woman taking the picture. It is a statement about the woman taking the picture with an older woman.  The inference is that the woman taking the
he is wearing a jacket.  The inference is that the woman is taking a picture of the other woman.  The inference is that the man is running errands on his bike
they are in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them.  Premise is a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them
it is a dog. Premise is a group of people who are not dogs. Premise is a group of people who are not dogs. Premise is a group of people who are not dogs. Premise
it is not a statement about the group itself.  The same thing applies to the word "terrorist". It is neutral to say a group of muslims are terrorists because
it's another day of celebration. It's entailment to say crowd has gathered to watch a parade because it's another day of celebration. It's entailment to say
it's a day of celebration.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "People are celebrating a local festival, cheering alons
it is a contradiction to say people have gathered for a funeral.  The inference is that people have gathered for a funeral.  The inference is that people have gathered for a funeral
she is driving a bike. The inference is that she is driving her bike to conserve fuel use because she is wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the
she is wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind. Premise is entailment to say the lady is riding a bike because she is wearing a white blouse
she is wearing a white blouse.  The inference is that the lady is driving a truck because she is wearing a white blouse.  The inference is that the lady
they are wearing pink tops and striped capri bottoms. Premise is true because dancers are performing on stage barefoot. Premise is false because dancers are performing on stage barefoot.
they are wearing shoes.  Premise is two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot. It is contradiction to say two magicians are performing on stage
it is not a statement about the dancers. It is a statement about the music.  Now let's look at the same sentence in natural language.  Premise: Two dancers in
he is sitting on a couch. Premise is a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand. It is entailment to say the man is holding a pencil
he is sitting on it.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the couch.  The inference is that the man is sitting on the couch.  The inference
he is sitting on a couch and drawing a picture. However, it is not neutral to say the man is drawing a picture because he is sitting on a couch and drawing a picture. The reason is
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the activity.  Premise is a few women and children are collecting items from rocks. It is neutral to say people are collecting special stones from rocks because
they are women and children. Premise is entailment to say women and children are taking things from rocks because they are women and children. Premise is entailment to say women and children are taking things from rocks because they
they are collecting items from rocks.  Premise is a few women and children are collecting items from rocks. It is contradiction to say people are throwing rocks because they are collecting items from rocks.  Premise is a few women
they are posing for a picture in a field. Premise is entailment to say the young people are outdoors because they are posing for a picture in a field. Premise is entailment to say the young people are
they are outside.  The inference is that the young people are posing for a picture outside.  The inference is that the young people are posing for a picture outside.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the group. The inference is that they are taking a class photo because they are young people.  The inference is that they are taking a class photo because they are young people.
it is entailment to say men are in the center of a clearing. It is entailment to say mountains in the background because it is entailment to say mountains are in the background. It is
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the situation.  The same is true for the statement "The man is waiting for the rest
it is true. It is also true that there are people riding the bus after school. It is also true that there are boys riding the bus after school. It is also
there are boys with baseball caps on.  Premise is a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on. It is entail
there are no people watching the bus pass by.  Premise is a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on.
it is entailment to say a kid is drinking out of a cup. Premise is entailment to say a kid is drinking out of a cup because it is entailment to say a
it is neutral to say a kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the kid is holding a soda
they were in awe of the plastic pink cup.  The inference is that the kids were in awe of the plastic pink cup.  The
he is in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower. The man is smiling at the camera because he is outdoors. The man is smiling at the camera because he is outdoors.
he is behind a sunflower. Premise is entailment to say the man has shorts on because he is behind a sunflower. Premise is entailment to say the man has
he is wearing pants. Premise is true because it is a man. Premise is false because it is not a man. Premise is false because it is not a man. Prem
he is outdoors looking directly at the camera.  Premise is a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower. It
the man is looking directly at the camera.  The inference is that the man is near the yellow flower.  Now, let's say the man is near a red
he is looking directly at it. Premise is a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower. It is entailment to
he is wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants. Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area
he is climbing a tree.  The inference engine will take the premise and infer the conclusion. The inference engine will take the premise and infer the conclusion.
he is wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants. It is also neutral to say the boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree because he
he is looking at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around.  Premise is a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside
it is entailment to say a boy looks on at an item. Premise is a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around. It is
he is observing the device. The inference is that the boy is working on his science project because he is observing the device. The inference is that the boy is working on his
it is neutral to say a boy is attending an event.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the boy is attending a baseball game. We can use the following rules:  If the
he is wearing a green shirt. Premise is entailment to say a boy is sitting down because he is wearing a green shirt. Premise is entailment to say a boy is sitting down because he is wearing
he is sitting in an almost empty stadium.  The inference is that the boy is cheering for his team because he is sitting in an almost empty stadium.  The inference is that the boy is cheering
he is traveling to see his best friend. It is also neutral to say a man is traveling to see his best friend because he is traveling to see his best friend.  Premise is a man
it is a contradiction to say a boy is sitting in front of the tour bus. Premise is a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus. It is contradiction to say a boy is sweeping the sidewalk
he has a beard. Premise is entailment to say a guy is riding the bus because he is sitting in front of it. Premise is entailment to say a guy is sitting in front of the bus
they are sitting in a dim restaurant eating.  Premise is people sitting in a dim restaurant eating. It is contradiction to say people are sleeping because they are sitting in a dim restaurant eating.  Premise is people sitting in a dim restaurant eating
they are sitting in a dim restaurant. It is entailment to say people are sitting in a dim restaurant because they are eating food. It is entailment to say people are eating food because they are sitting in a dim restaurant because they are eating food
it is not a fact. It is a fact that they are celebrating an anniversary.  Now, we can infer that they are celebrating an anniversary because they are sitting in a dim restaurant eating. We can infer that they are celebrating
they are going to a piano bar.  Premise is a large group of people gather at a piano bar. It is entailment to say a large group going out because they are going to a piano bar.
it is not gender specific.  Now, let's say that the group of men at the piano bar is a group of men who are playing poker. It is not neutral to say a group of men playing poker
there is no piano bar.  The inference is that there is a piano bar because there are people at a piano bar.  The inference is that there is a piano bar because there are people at a piano bar.
they are running late for a meeting. It is also neutral to say two women are running late for a meeting because they are jogging.  The inference is that the two women are jogging because they
they are not jogging.  The inference is that the two ladies are jogging.  The inference is that the two ladies are jogging because they are not fishing.  The inference is that
there are two young ladies jogging by the beach. Premise is there are two young ladies jogging by the beach because there are two women jogging by the beach. Premise is there are two
it is not historic.  The inference is that the town hall is historic.  The inference is that the town hall is historic.  The inference is that the town hall is historic.  The inference is that the town hall is historic
it is a building. But it is not neutral to say the town hall because it is a building. It is neutral to say the town hall because it is a building that is used by the town hall. It is neutral to say the town hall because it is a
it is not a building that is older than another building. It is a building that is older than another building.  Premise is a historic-looking building. It is neutral to say an older building because it is not a building that is older than another building
it is not a statement about the boy's identity. Premise is a statement about the boy's behavior. Premise is a statement about the boy's behavior because it is a statement about the boy's identity. Premise
he is practicing juggling.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the word "practicing" and the word "juggling" in the text. It is trained to recognize the word "young" and the word "
he is practicing juggling. Premise is entailment to say the young boy is practicing juggling because he is outside. Premise is entailment to say the young boy is practicing juggling because he is outside. Premise is entail
they are on a beach.  The inference is that the women are resting indoors.  The inference is that the women are resting indoors.  The inference is that the women are resting indoors.  The inference is that the women are resting
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the husbands.  The inference is that the women enjoy the beach with their husbands.  The inference is that the women enjoy the beach with their husbands
they are on a beach. Premise is two women are outdoors because they are women. Premise is two women are women because they are on a beach. Premise is two women are on a beach because they are women. Premise is two women are
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the guys.  The inference is that the women are flirting with the guys.  The inference is that the women are fl
they are not bathing suit models.  The inference is that the girls are bathing suit models.  The inference is that the girls are bathing suit models.  The inference is that the girls are bathing suit
they are playing on the beach. Premise is two ladies are wearing swimsuits because they are playing on the beach. Premise is two ladies are wearing swimsuits because they are playing on the beach. Premise is two ladies
it is a necessary consequence of the premise. Premise is the man walks among the large trees. It is entailment to say the man walks among trees because it is a necessary consequence of the premise. Premise is the man walks among the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the woods. The man is lost in the woods is a statement about the man.  The man is lost in the woods is a statement about the man.
dogs are not trees.  The inference is that the man walks among the large trees.  The inference is that the man walks among the large trees.  The inference is that the man walks among the large trees.
the speedwalker is not a runner.  The inference is that the speedwalker is a bystander.  The inference is that the speedwalker is a bystander.
it is not a statement about the runner. It is a statement about the supporters.  Premise is a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway
it is entailment to say a runner with a convoy of motorcycles.  Premise is a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders
it is not a statement about the person in blue. It is a statement about the bowling alley.  Now, let's say we have a person in blue who is throwing their ball at
they are not currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley.  The inference engine is able to infer that the person is eating nachos because they are not currently throwing their ball at a
they are throwing their ball at a bowling alley. Premise is a person is throwing their ball at a bowling alley. It is entailment to say a person is bowling because they are throwing their ball at
he is almost done working today. It is also neutral to say a man is almost done working today because he is almost done working today.  Premise is a shoeshine man works as others
he is not working at a shoeshine stand.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value of a statement based on the premises. The inference engine is a computer
he is working as others pass by. Premise is entailment to say a man is shining some shoes because he is working as others pass by. Premise is entailment to say a man is shining
he is sitting. Premise is a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window. It is entailment to say the policeman is sitting because he is sitting. Premise is a policeman is sitting in a van looking out
he is sitting in a van looking out the window. It is not neutral to say the policeman is on a stakeout because he is sitting in a van looking out the window because he is a policeman.  Prem
he is sitting.  The inference is that the policeman is sitting.  The inference is that the policeman is sitting because he is sitting.  The inference is that the policeman is sitting because he is sitting.
he is not playing a guitar.  The inference is that the man is polizing. The inference is that the
he is a policeman. Premise is man seated in a uniform that says 'polizes' on the shoulder looking
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say three military officials battle a fire after an accidental explosion because it is a statement of fact.  The inference is that
there is a building being fought. It is entailment to say there is a building being fought because there are three military officials battling a fire. It is entailment to say there is a building being fought because there are three
they are not battling a fire.  The inference is that the military officials are battling a fire.  The inference is that the military officials are battling a fire.  The inference is that the
he is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop. Premise is entailment to say a man has black hair because he is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.  Premise is a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop. It
blond is a hair color. Premise is false. Conclusion is that the man is black-haired. Premise is false. Conclusion is that the man is blond. Premise is false. Conclusion is that the man
he is not looking into glasses.  The inference is that the man is looking into glasses.  The inference is that the man is looking into glasses because he is not looking into glasses.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the glasses.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man is looking at drinking glasses. We can do this by
he looks into glasses through glasses. Premise is entailment to say a man with thinning hair because he looks into glasses through glasses. Premise is entailment to say a man with thinning hair because he looks
it is entailment to say a painter is copying masterpieces in a museum.  Premise is painter re-creates old works of art in a museum. It is entailment to say a
it is not a fact. It is a fact that painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.  Premise is painter re-creates old works of art in a
it is not possible to create an original work of art.  The inference is that the painter is creating a copy of an old work of art.  The inference is that the painter is creating a
it is not a statement about the original work. It is neutral to say a painter works on a copy of a Rembrandt because it is not a statement about the original
the person is crafting a replica of another's creation.  Premise is an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art. It is
he is not running. The surrealist is running wind sprints because he is running.  The surrealist is running wind sprints because he is running.  Premise is
it is not a statement about the man himself.  The inference is that the man is bringing the ice cream cone
he is walking in the park.  The inference is that the man is sitting on a bench.  The inference is that the
he is wearing a hat. Premise is a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a
it is a neutral statement. But if you say a woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning because she is wearing big red sunglasses, it is a negative statement.  Now, let's say you have a database of faces
the woman wearing sunglasses is frowning. Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning. It is contradiction to say the happy woman has big green eyes because the woman wearing sunglasses is frowning. Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses is
she is frowning. Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is true. Conclusion is false.  Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is false. Conclusion is false.
a bunch of eagles are not eating a bug.  Premise is a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandann
it is not a statement about the color of their clothes.  Premise is a group of men in blue shirts, banded
they are in a group.  Premise is a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a
they are playing volleyball. Premise is a woman player in white and black,
it is not a neutral statement. It is a statement about the gym.  The
there is no woman player in white and black.  The inference is that there
it is entailment to say four kids are wearing hats. Premise is four kids are wearing hats with streamers. Premise is four kids are wearing hats with streamers. Premise is four kids are wearing
it is true for all four kids. It is false to say four kids are wearing birthday party hats because it is false for one kid.  The inference is that the kids are wearing birthday party hats.  The
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the bus. The bus is neutral. The kids are not.  Premise is four kids are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.
it has the word 'hot' on the side is hot.  Premise is a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word '
it is a truck. Premise is a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word 'hot' on the side
the truck is red.  The inference is that the truck is red.  The inference is that the truck is hot.  The inference is
they are sitting next to each other. Premise is entailment to say two kids are sitting next to each other because they are sitting next to each other. Prem
they are sitting on the bench.  The inference is that the boys are playing dodge ball because they are sitting on the bench.  The inference is that the boys are
it is not a statement about the children's personalities.  The inference is that the children are relaxing because they are children. The inference is that the children are relaxing because
he is running against a group of people.  Premise is a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race. It is entailment to say he is running against a group
he is a runner.  Premise is a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race. It is contradiction to say he doesnt have legs because he is a runner.  Premise is a
he is winning. It is also neutral to say he is losing because he is losing. It is also neutral to say he is losing because he is a runner. It is also neutral to say he is losing because he is a
he is standing in the middle of a crowd. Premise is entailment to say a human is standing in the middle of a crowd because he is a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the concert.  Now, let's say that the person is wearing a red shirt. It is a statement about the person.
it is contradiction to say a person is alone in a dark room.  The inference is that the person is alone in the dark room.  The inference is that the person is alone
she is on a boat. Premise is entailment to say she checks her phone because she is on a boat. Premise is entailment to say she checks her
she is standing on the deck of a boat.  The inference is that she is talking on her cellphone.  The inference is that she is talking on her cellphone
it is a fact. The inference is that he looks through the microscope before lunch because he is a scientist.  The inference is not necessarily true. It is true because it is a fact. The
he is a scientist. Premise is entailment to say he looks through the microscope because he is black. Premise is entailment to say he looks through the microscope because he is a scientist who looks through
he is a scientist.  Premise is a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells. It is contradiction to say he eats stars because he is a scientist.  Premise is a
lots of people are relaxing in front of a large red building.  The inference is that lots of people are relaxing in front of a large red building.  The inference is that lots of people
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the building.  Now, we can infer that the children are relaxing in front of a large red building because they
it is entailment to say some people relax in front of a large red building.  Premise is some people are relaxing in front of a large red building. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the instruments.  The same is true for the sentence "Three men play musical instruments." It is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the instruments.  The
it is entailment to say three people play instruments. It is entailment to say three people play musical instruments because it is entailment to say three people have instruments. It is entailment to say three people have instruments because it is entailment to say three
it is contradiction to say three people play musical instruments.  The inference is that three people play musical instruments.  The inference is that three people play musical instruments.  The inference is that three people play musical instruments.  The inference is
she is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot. Premise is entailment to say a woman is lying in the grass because
she is wearing sandals.  The inference is that the woman lying in the grass is wearing sandals.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we want to say that
it is not a tent.  The inference is that the boy is laying down in front of a tent.  The inference is that the boy is laying down
he is wearing black and green. Premise is a boy laying down in front of a tent because he is wearing black and green. Premise is a boy laying
it is not a person. It is not a person because it is a tent. It is not a tent because it is a man. It is not a man because it is a tent. It is not a
he has brown pants and boots. Premise is entailment to say a guy is transporting a tent because he has brown pants and boots. Premise is entailment to say a guy is transporting a tent because he has brown
it is not a man with brown pants and boots.  The inference is that the man with brown pants and boots is the hiker.  The inference is that the man with brown pants and boots is the
it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is that the woman is the mother of the girl. The inference is not that the woman is the girl's mother.  The inference is
she is a woman.  Premise is a woman bathing her daughter because she is a woman.  Premise is a woman bathing her daughter because she is a woman.  Premise is a
she is a lady. Premise is small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair. Premise is small girl in an apron placing confetti in
it is entailment to say a man stands by a grill.  Premise is a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red a
he is wearing a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron.  Premise is a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the grill.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is
the man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a
the man is pointing into the ear.  The inference is that the man is pointing into the ear.  The inference is that the man is pointing
the man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt.  Premise is a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small
a girl is chasing a boy.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's behavior. The boy is running home because he is tired. The boy is tired because he ran home from school. The boy ran home
he is outside running. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outside running because he is dusty. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outside running because he is dusty because he is outside running. Prem
he is surrounded by smoke. It is also neutral to say the firefighter can't enter the building because he is surrounded by flames.  The inference is that the firefighter can't enter the building because he is surrounded
he climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.  The inference is that the firefighter starts a fire because he climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.  The inference is that the firefighter starts
he is surrounded by smoke.  The inference is that the firefighter is going up the ladder because he is surrounded by smoke.  The inference is that the firefighter is going up the ladder because he is surrounded
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the bus. The inference is that the men are standing in front of the bus because they are wearing medals.
one is wearing a medal.  Premise is two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal. It is entailment to say two
the medal is on the man's chest.  The inference is that the man is wearing a medal because he is seated in a lawn chair.  The inference is that the man is
he is barefoot. Premise is entailment to say the man has shorts but no shoes because he is barefoot. Premise is entailment to say the man has shorts but no shoes because he is barefoot. Prem
he is barefoot. Premise is the man in colorful shorts is wearing footwear. It is entailment to say the man in shorts is not wearing footwear because he is wearing colorful shorts. Premise is the man in colorful
he is barefoot.  The inference is that the man is barefoot.  The inference is that the man is barefoot.  The inference is that the man is barefoot.  The inference is
horse rider in ceremonial garb is rider in ceremonial garb.  Premise is rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian
they are both wearing gear.  The inference is that the rider is wearing gear because the horse is wearing gear.  The inference is that the rider is
the horse is not asleep.  The inference is that the horse is asleep next to the man.  The inference is that the horse is asleep next to the
it is not a statement about the rider. It is a statement about the horse.  The same is true for natural language inference. The rider is not the horse. The
it is a natural language inference.  I think you're missing the point. The point is that the inference is not a natural language inference. It is
she is getting ready. Premise is entailment to say the woman is getting ready because she is in the bathroom. Premise is entailment to say the woman is in the bathroom because she is getting ready. Premise
she is in her bathroom. Premise is entailment to say the woman is getting ready because she is in her bathroom. Premise is entailment to say the woman is getting ready because she is in her bathroom. Premise
she is getting ready in her bathroom. Premise is entailment to say the woman is wearing black because she is getting ready in her bathroom. Premise is entailment to say the woman is wearing black because she is getting ready
it is running. The inference is that the dog is running to catch the ball.  The inference is that the dog is running to catch the ball.  The inference is that the dog is running to catch the ball.
it is entailment to say a little dog runs to catch a ball. Premise is a little dog chases a ball. It is entailment to say a little dog chases a ball because it is entailment to say
it is a small dog. But it is not neutral to say the dog is a chihuahua because it is a dog. The dog is a dog because it is a dog. The dog is a chihuahua
he is playing the accordion. However, it is not neutral to say the accordion player is highly skilled because he is playing the accordion
it is not a contradiction to say the man's shirt is blue.  The inference is that the man's shirt is blue because the man is
he is wearing a blue t-shirt. Premise is an entailment because it is a conjunction of two premises.  Premise is an
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is neutral to say a man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet because it is not a statement about
they are laughing together.  The inference is that the man is the lady's husband.  The inference is that the man is the lady's husband.  The
she is walking faster than him.  The inference is that the man is running from the woman.  The inference is that the man is running
he is rollingerskating. Conclusion is that he is not sleeping.  Premise is a boy rollerskating in the street. It is contradiction to say a boy is sleeping because he is rollingerskating. Conclusion is
he is rollerskating. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outside because he is rollerskating. Premise is entailment to say a boy is outside because he is rollerskating. Premise is
a boy is not skating with a hockey stick.  Premise is a boy rollerskating in the street. It is contradiction to say a boy is skating with a hockey stick because a boy is not skating with
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the church.  Premise is men sitting at a table in a church. It is neutral to say the ornate church contains chatting people because it is not
they are not praying at the alters.  Premise is men sitting at a table in a church. It is contradiction to say the men pray at the alters because they are not praying at the alters.  Premise is men
there are chairs. It is entailment to say there are chairs because there are tables. It is entailment to say there are tables because there are chairs. It is entailment to say there are chairs because there are people. It
it is not a statement about the artist. It is a statement about the dirt.  The same is true of the statement "The man in the robe is making designs on the dirt." It is neutral to say the man
sand is not dirt.  Premise is man in robe making designs on dirt ground. It is contradiction to say a man playing in the sand at the beach because sand is not dirt.  Premise is man
it is entailment to say a man in robe making designs on dirt ground. Premise is man in robe making designs on dirt ground. It is entailment to say a man in robe making designs on dirt ground. Prem
it is not necessary to specify the color of the person's clothes.  The inference is that the man is wearing a blue and white backpack and black jeans
the bag is blue and white and the person is wearing a jacket and jeans. Premise is entailment to say a person is wearing a jacket and
it is not possible to cook hot dogs at the beach.  The inference is that the man is cooking hot dogs at the beach.
the man has a gray beard and the boy has a little boy.  The inference is that the man and
he is reading to him. It is also neutral to say the man is reading to his grandson because he is reading to him. The man is
it is not specified whether they are in a bedroom or not. The inference is that they are in a bedroom because they are sitting on the
she is carrying two children.  The inference is that the woman is lying down sleeping because she is carrying two children.  The inference is that the woman is lying down sleeping because she is carrying two children
she is carrying two children. It is also neutral to say the woman is carrying two children because she is white.  Now, let's say that the woman is carrying two children because she is white. This is a
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman carries children because she is carrying two children. Premise is entailment to say a woman carries children because she is carrying two children in the middle of
concrete is not white.  The inference engine is trained to recognize the following sentences:  Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise
it is entailment to say a dog runs on a dirt path. Premise is a dog with brown spots running on a dirt path. It is entailment to say a dog runs on a dirt path because
it is entailment to say a dog is white. Premise is a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path. It is entailment to say a dog runs on a path because it is entailment to
she is a red-haired woman in a pink shirt.  The inference is that the woman in the pink shirt is not throwing apples because she is a red-haired woman in a pink shirt.  The
she is red-haired is a red-haired woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman climbing down a tree because she is wearing a pink shirt is a red-haired woman. Premise
she is wearing a pink shirt. Premise is entailment to say a woman with red hair because she is wearing a pink shirt because she attempted to descend a tree. Premise is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about her partner. It is a statement about her.  Premise is an indian woman is dancing with her partner. It is neutral to say a woman has dark skin because it is not a statement about
she is dancing.  The inference is that the woman is dancing because she is swimming.  The inference is that the woman is swimming because she is dancing.  The inference is that the woman is dancing because she is swimming.
she is dancing. Premise is entailment to say a woman is dancing because she is moving. Premise is entailment to say a woman is moving because she is dancing. Premise is entailment to say a woman is moving because
he is sitting on a bench.  The inference is that the man is waiting for his source of transportation.  The inference is that the man is waiting for his source of transportation.  The inference is
it is not a statement about his destination. It is neutral to say the man is waiting for his source of transportation because it is not a statement about his destination.  Now, let's say we want
he is waiting for his transportation.  Premise is man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation. It is entailment to say the man is outside because he is waiting for his transportation.
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is based on the context of the sentence. The inference is not based on the color of
he is working.  The inference is that the worker is on break.  The inference is that the worker is on break because he is working.
a yellow backhoe is near a pile of dirt and rocks.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is
she is not eating lunch.  The inference is that the woman is eating lunch.  The inference is that the woman is eating lunch because she is walking down the street.  The inference is that the woman is eating
she is walking to the shop. It is also neutral to say the woman is walking to the shop because she is going to the shop.  Now, let's say that the woman is going to the shop. We
she is wearing a gray dress. Premise is a woman is outside because she is wearing a gray dress. Premise is a woman is outside because she is wearing a gray dress. Premise is a woman is outside because she is
they are wearing green pants. Premise is someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air. It is entailment to say the person is snowboarding because they are wearing green pants. Premise
it is not specific to any particular event.  The inference is that the person is competing in the snowboarding competition.  The inference is that the person is competing in the snowboarding competition
they are not on the snowboard.  The inference engine is able to infer that the person is resting because they are not on the snowboard.  The inference engine is able to infer that the person is resting
he is not walking down the sidewalk.  The inference engine will look for a pattern in the data. It will look for a pattern in the data. It will look for a pattern
he is listening to music.  Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. It is entailment to say a
it is raining is listening to headphones. It is entailment to say a person walking down the sidewalk is listening to headphones because it is raining. It is entailment to say a person walking down the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the man listening to rock music.  The inference is that the man listening to rock music is an
it is entailment to say a man walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headphones.  Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while
it is not listening to headphones.  The inference engine will take the premise and infer the conclusion. The inference engine will take the premise and infer the conclusion.  The inference engine will
he is a dog. Conclusion is that the man is a dog.  Premise is tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting. It is contradiction to say a man chops veggies because he is a dog
it is neutral to say a dog runs after a squirrel. It is neutral to say a dog runs after a squirrel because it is neutral to say a dog runs after a squirrel. It is neutral to say a dog runs
it is a dog. Premise is tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting. It is entailment to say a dog runs outside because it is tan. Premise is tan dog running through long grass
he is on a rocky cliff overlooking the mountains.  The inference is that the man is on the cliff looking for fish because he is in a gray suit.  The inference is that the man is in
he is standing on a cliff. Premise is entailment to say a man can see mountains because he is standing on a cliff. Premise is entailment to say a man can see mountains because
there are three people standing on stage.  The inference is that there are three people standing on stage.  The inference is that there are three people standing on stage.  The inference
it is not a statement about the play itself. It is a statement about the people.  The inference is that the people are in a play because they are standing on a stage. The
there are people standing on a lit stage.  Premise is three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them. It is entailment to
they are seated. It is entailment to say the contraption is interesting because it is interesting. It is entailment to say the contraption is interesting because it is interesting because it is interesting. It is
it is not a statement about the speaker. It is a statement about the speaker's knowledge of the topic.  The speaker is a man who is fiddling with an interesting contraption
they are not sitting around a table drinking coffee.  The inference is that the man is fiddling with an interesting contraption.  The inference is that the man is fiddling with
it is a neutral statement. But if you say people are spending a day at the beach because they are camping out on some rocks, then you are making a statement about the people.  Now, if you are
they are camping out. Premise is entailment to say people are outdoors because they are camping out. Premise is entailment to say people are outdoors because they are camping out. Premise is entailment to say people are outdoors because
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the activity.  Now, we can say that people rest while climbing a mountain because they are camping out on some rocks. This is a natural language inference
it is contradictory to say a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.  The inference is that the girl with the phone is the smiling girl walking.  The
the girl with a cellphone is frowning.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the entailment of a sentence from the premises. The inference engine is a computer
a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone is entailment to a girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone.  The problem is that the sentence is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the man is jumping. Premise is a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder. It is neutral to say the man
he is not sitting down.  The inference is that the man is jumping.  The inference is that the man is jumping.  The inference is that the man is jumping.
he is jumping. Premise is a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder. It is entailment to say the man is on the rock because he is jumping. Premise
he is watching him. But it is not neutral to say the man in gray is the superior of the man in white because he is cutting
the man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while the man in white uniform is watching him.  The inference is that the men are hosting a news show because
it is contradictory to say two rodeo contestants wait their turn.  The inference is that there are five rodeo contestants.  The inference is that there are two rodeo contestants.  The inference is that there are three
rodeo is a place where people wait their turn. Premise is five rodeo contestants wait their turn. It is entailment to say people at a rodeo because rodeo is a place where people wait their turn. Premise is five
it is true. It is false to say five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the 500 dollar prize because it is false.  Premise is five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the
the dog is on the beach.  Premise is children on the beach with their dog. It is entailment to say the children are at the ocean with their dog because the dog is on the beach.
it is a neutral statement. It is also neutral to say the children are playing catch with their dog because it is a neutral statement. It is also neutral to say the children are playing catch with their dog because it is a neutral statement
the dog is not on the beach.  The inference is that the children are on the beach with their dog.  The inference is that the children are asleep on the couch with their dog.  The inference
it is not a statement about the parade itself. It is a statement about the people who are marching.  The inference is that the people are marching because they
there are two people walking on the street. Premise is a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street
it is a group of people on the street. The inference is that the crowd is dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold.  Premise
they are walking down an alley. Premise is two people are walking down an alley because they are walking down an alley. Premise is two people are walking down an alley because they are walking down an
it is not a statement about the people themselves. It is a statement about the context of the situation.  Now, let's say that the person walking down the alley is
they are walking down it.  The inference engine will take the premise and look for a contradiction. If it finds one, it will say "there is a contradiction". If it doesn't find one,
it is neutral to say a woman is giving a speech to a crowd.  The speaker is a woman in a red long
she is not doing a stage dive into a crowd.  The inference is that the woman is doing a stage dive into a
it is entailment to say a woman is standing at a lectern.  The natural language inference is that the woman is standing
they are holding hands. Premise is entailment. Premise is entail
it is not a statement about the couple.  The inference is that
they are not riding in the back of a taxi.
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we want to say that the man is eating
he is wearing a black and white t-shirt.  Premise is a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people.
he is not a man. Premise is true because it is a contradiction. Premise is false because it is not a contradiction. Premise is true because it is a contradiction
kids are not boating on a lake.  The inference is that kids are boating on a lake.  The inference is that kids are boating on a lake.  The inference is that kids
it is entailment to say sun through clouds because it is entailment to say people on boat because it is entailment to say sun through clouds because it is entailment to say people on boat because it is entail
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the sun and clouds.  Now let's say we have a sentence like "People having boat party". This is a statement about the people
the woman in the picture is not the woman in the picture.  The inference is that the woman in the picture is the woman in the picture.  The inference is that the woman in the picture
the man is wearing underwear. It is entailment to say there are 3 people in the picture because the man is wearing underwear and the women are wearing dresses. It is entailment to say there are 3
they are not wearing underwear.  Premise is two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear. It is contradiction to say the women are in their underwear because they are not wearing underwear.
he leans on a post. Premise is entailment to say a man leans on a post because he talks. Premise is entailment to say a man talks because he leans
the man in blue jacket is not chewing gum.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the meaning of the sentence. It is a program
he carries yellow bags. It is not neutral to say an old man works because he leans on a post.  The inference is that the old man works because he carries yellow
it is a contradiction to say two women are relaxing in the hot tub.  Premise is two women are relaxing in a hot tub. It is contradiction to say two men are in the hot tub because it is a contradiction to
they are relaxing in the hot tub. Premise is a couple of women are relaxing in a hot tub. It is entailment to say a couple of women are relaxing in a hot tub because they are women. Prem
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the hot tub.  The inference is that the women are relaxing in the hot tub because they are women.  The inference is that the women
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man tossing his son into the air because it is not a statement about the boy.
the girl is smiling.  The inference is that the man is tossing the boy because the boy is smiling.  The inference is that the man is
he is smiling is smiling because he is tossing a child into the air. Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment. Premise is entail
she is talking on the phone. It is entailment to say phone to her ear, a woman bends forward because she is talking on the phone because she is talking on the phone
she is talking on the phone.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is a natural language inference. The first sentence is a natural language inference.
she is busy.  The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is a natural language inference. The first sentence is a natural language inference. The second sentence is
she is leaning down.  The inference is that the woman is leaning down to talk to her phone.  The inference is that the woman is leaning down to talk to her phone.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the woman.  Premise is a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone. It is neutral to say the phone's ringer is loud because it is not a statement about the
she is leaning down. Premise is a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone. It is entailment to say a woman is using a phone because she is leaning down. Premise is a woman is leaning down
she is a girl. Premise is entailment to say a girl is wearing orange because she is wearing an orange sweater. Premise is entailment to say a girl is wearing orange because she is wearing an orange sweater
it is a contradiction to say a girl is wearing a yellow sweater.  The inference is that the girl is wearing an orange sweater.  The inference is that the girl is wearing an orange sweater. Prem
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the sweater. Premise is a statement about the sweater. Premise is a statement about the girl. Premise is a statement
he is relaxing on the rocks.  The inference is that the man is shirtless on the beach.  The inference is that the man is shirtless on the beach.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the jeans.  The inference is that the man is relaxing on the rocks wearing purple jeans.  The inference is that the man is relaxing on
he is relaxing on the rocks. Premise is a statement about the man in the blue shirt. It is entailment to say a man is relaxing on the rocks because he is wearing a blue shirt. Premise
it is not possible to hike across the desert.  Premise is three men are playing frisbee in the woods. It is contradiction to say three guys are hiking across the desert because it is not possible to hike
it is entailment to say they are playing frisbee in the woods. It is entailment to say they are playing frisbee in the woods because it is entailment to say they are outside. It is entailment to
it is not specific to any particular family.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is ambiguous. It could be either three men or three brothers. We can't tell which
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the color red.  The inference is that the women are leaning against a red car because they are wearing red shirts.  The inference is
it is not true.  The inference engine will take the premise and the conclusion and try to find a contradiction. It will find a contradiction if there is one.  The inference engine
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is not correct because it is not a natural language inference. It is a logical inference.  The inference is correct because it is a natural language inference.
she was wearing a black scarf.  The inference is that the dark-haired lady smiled and wore a red scarf.  The inference is that the dark-haired lady smiled
she is smiling.  Premise is a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf. It is entailment to say there is a happy lady with colorful
it is not a statement about the lady's mood. But it is a statement about the weather.  The same is true for the following sentences:  Premise is
it is not traveling through mud.  The inference is that the suv is traveling through mud.  The inference is that the suv is traveling through mud.  The inference is that the suv is traveling through mud.
suv traveling through mud is entailment to say suv traveling through mud.  Premise is an suv traveling through mud. It is entailment to say suv traveling through mud because suv traveling through mud is entailment to say
biking is done on the smooth road.  The inference engine is able to infer that biking is done on the smooth road.  The inference engine is able to infer that biking is done on the rocky hill.  The inference engine is
it is not necessary to mention the toddler's gender. However, it is necessary to mention the man's gender because it is necessary to mention
it is raining.  The inference engine is able to infer that the man's shirt is brown because it is raining.  The
it is raining.  Premise is a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler
a monkey is not a man.  Premise is two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood. It is contradiction to say a monkey chases after a rattlesnake because a
it is entailment to say sawing wood. It is entailment to say sawing wood because it is entailment to say sawing wood. It is entailment to say sawing wood because it is entailment to
it is not a statement about the workers or the project. It is a statement about the wood.  The inference is that the workers are cutting down the wood because they are building
they are standing in front of a concert hall. It is also neutral to say they are wanting to buy concert tickets because they are standing in front of a ticket booth. The inference is
they are waiting for tickets.  Premise is people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'. It is entailment to say the people are standing
the sign says tickets available here.  The natural language inference is that the people are outside the classroom.  The natural language inference is that the people are outside the classroom.
there are three soccer players. Premise is entailment to say there are three soccer players because there are three soccer players. Premise is entail
the hockey puck is not a soccer ball.  The inference is that the hockey puck is a soccer ball.  The
they are all in the same place.  Premise is a soccer player in white kicks a ball
the child is holding a branch.  The child is holding a branch because the adult jumped up onto the tree.  The child is holding a branch because the adult jumped up onto the tree.  The child is
it is entailment to say a child sits in a tree. Premise is a child sits in a tree because it is entailment to say a child sits in a tree. Premise is a child sits in a tree because
he is a child. But it is not neutral to say the child climbed up there because he is a monkey. The child is a child because he is a child. The child is a monkey because he is a monkey.
there are customers ordering food.  The inference is that there are customers ordering food.  The inference is that there are customers ordering food.  The inference is that there are customers ordering food.  The inference is that
there are customers at a cafe ordering food.  The inference is that there are customers at a cafe ordering food because there are customers at a cafe ordering food.  The inference is that there are customers at a cafe ordering
they are riding in a bumper car. Premise is entailment to say the mom and boy are riding in a bumper car because they are at an amusement park. Premise is entailment to say the
they are riding in a bumper car.  The inference is that the mom and boy are riding in a bumper car.  The inference is that the mom and boy are riding in a bumper car.
the boy is driving the car. But it is not neutral to say the mom is steering the car because she is driving the car. The boy is driving the car because the mom is steering the car.
it is not a statement about the man in the orange hat. It is a statement about the ball.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man in the orange
it is a contradiction to say a man in an orange hat holds a ball.  The inference is that the man in the orange hat holds the ball.  The inference is that the man in the blue hat
he holds a ball.  Premise is a man in an orange hat holds a ball. It is entailment to say a gentleman wearing an orange hat has a ball because he holds a ball.
it is a kangaroo. It is neutral to say the kangaroo wants to stay because it is a kangaroo. It is neutral to say the kangaroo wants to leave because it is a k
they are touching it. Premise is two women are touching a kangaroo. It is entailment to say two women are petting a kangaroo because they are touching it. Premise is
they are not touching the kangaroo.  The inference is that the women are wiping the windshield.  The inference is that the women are wiping the windshield.  The inference is that the women are wiping
it is not a statement about the girl's sexuality.  Premise is a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and
she is blowing a kiss.  The inference is that the girl blowing a kiss is the girl in the pool hall.  The inference
the girl in purple top is blowing a kiss. Premise is entailment to say a girl blows a kiss as another girl sees it because
he makes faces.  The inference is that the man is asian because he makes faces.  The inference is that the man is not asian because he makes faces.  The inference is that the man is as
the premise is true. Premise is true because the man is making faces. Premise is true because the man is making faces. Premise is true because the man is making faces. Premise is true because the man
it is not a statement about the man's race. It is a statement about the shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a white shirt because he is asian.  The inference is that the man
there are people standing together. It is entailment to say there are people standing together because there are canada symbols. It is entailment to say there are canada symbols because there are people standing together.
there is no group.  The inference is that there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols.  The inference is that there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing can
they are standing together. It is not neutral to say they are canadian because they are wearing canada symbols.  The inference is that they are canadian because they are standing together.  The inference is
she is sad.  Premise is a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing. It is neutral to say
she is sad.  The inference is that the blond woman is sad because she is not having an intimate moment with someone.  The inference is that
they are hungry. Premise is a contradiction to say a toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying because they are hungry. Premise is a contradiction to say a
they are wearing different color shirts.  The inference engine is able to infer that the premise is true because it is able to infer that the premise is false.  The inference engine is able to infer that the premise is
it is not a statement about the blue shirts. It is a statement about the men.  Now, let's say that we have a sentence that is not neutral. It is a statement about the blue shirts. It is
they are talking about the same thing.  Premise is two guys in blue shirts talking. It is entailment to say two guys talking in matching shirts because they are talking about the same thing.  Premise is two guys in
she is a woman. It is also neutral to say she is donating because she is a woman. It is also neutral to say she is donating because she is a woman who is holding a large check for kids food basket. It
she is holding a check for them.  The inference is that she is not stealing from them because she is holding a check for them.  The inference is that she is not stealing from them because she is holding a
she is holding the check. It is also neutral to say she is fond of the charity because she is holding the check for kids food basket.  The inference is that she is fond of the charity because she is holding
she is wearing a football uniform.  Premise is a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game. It is contradiction to say a woman runs down the field because she is wearing a football
it is not a statement about the player's gender.  Premise is a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game. It is neutral to say a football player is trying
he is wearing a football uniform and kicking a football during a football game.  The inference is that the player is trying to tie the game because he is wearing a football uniform and
they are both wearing white shirts and blue jeans.  Premise is a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain. It is neutral to say
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the rain.  The same is true for the following sentences:  The couple cools down in
they are standing in a light misty rain.  Premise is a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain. It is entailment to say
the man is holding up a playing card. The man is holding up a playing card because the man is holding up a domino. The man is holding up a domino because the man is holding up a playing
he holds up a playing card. Premise is entailment to say the man has a playing card in his hand because he holds up a playing card. Premise is entailment to say the man has
it is true. But it is also true that the man is holding up the ace of spades because it is a natural inference.  The man is holding up the ace of spades because it
it is standing in the middle of the field.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the conclusion from the premises. The inference engine is a program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.
it is a dog. Premise is a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field. It is neutral to say a dog is sniffing for its bone because it is a dog. Premise is a
there is a dog inside. Premise is a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field. It is entailment to say there is a dog outside because there is a dog inside. Premise is a brown dog
she is a runner. Premise is entailment to say a woman has a blue shirt because she is a
she is wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the woman in the blue shirt is the
she is wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the woman in the blue shirt is the
it is not a fact about the boys. It is a fact about the game.  Now, we can say that the boys scored a goal because they are lacrosse players. This is
it is a contradiction to say no one who is shown has ever played a sport.  Premise is two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field. It is contradiction to say no one
they are running.  Premise is two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field. It is entailment to say some of the people in the picture are at least fairly
it is not a woman.  Premise is a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole. It is contradiction to say a man wearing a sweater inside because it is not a
it is raining. It is entailment to say a person wearing a gray sweater because it is raining. It is entailment to say a person wearing a gray sweater because it is raining. It
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the situation.  Premise is a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole. It is neutral to say
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the phone call.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man is talking
he is wearing a business suit.  Premise is man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street. It is entailment to say a person on a phone is outdoors because he is wearing a business
he is on the phone.  The inference is that the man is walking down the street.  The inference is that the man is walking down the street because he is on the phone.  The
he is a little boy. It is also contradiction to say a little boy pushes an oily man off a deck because he is a
it is neutral to say a bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes.
they are reading.  The inference is that they are reading.  The inference is that they are reading.
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the group of friends.  The second premise is that the men are using washington mutual atms
poker is a game of chance.  The inference is that three men are playing poker because they are washington mutual customers.  The inference is that washington mutual customers are playing poker because they are washing
there are washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot.  The inference is that there are men outdoors because there are washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot.  The inference is that
she is standing on the slope. It is also neutral to say she ponders what it would be like to climb the slope because she is standing on the slope. The
a sled is a device for pulling a sled. So, the inference is that the young woman is a sled.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Prem
she is standing on a slope. Premise is entailment to say a woman stands on a slope because she is standing on a slope. Premise is entailment to say a woman stands on a
he is not wearing a uniform.  The inference is that the girl is swinging her bat at her baseball game.  The inference is that the girl is swinging her bat at her baseball game.
she is swinging a bat. Premise is a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat. It is entailment to say a girl in uniform is swinging because she is swinging a bat. Premise
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the game.  Now, suppose we have a sentence that is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the game
a man is not near a fire hydrant. Premise is a man is near a fire hydrant. Conclusion is a man is near a motorcycle.  The inference is that a man is near a motorcycle.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the motorcycle.  The inference is that the man is stealing parts from the motorcycle.  The inference is that the man is stealing parts from the
he is crouching down next to it. Premise is a man crouches down next to a motorcycle. It is entailment to say a man is down beside a motorcycle because he is crouching down next to it.
he is wearing a hat.  The inference is that the man is wearing a hat because he is making a snow angel.
he is wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack. Premise is entail
he is wearing a ski cap. Premise is true because the man is skiing. Premise is false because the man is not skiing. Prem
it is not a statement about his character. It is a statement about his occupation.  The inference is that the man is a cook because he is stacking cheese. The inference is not that
she is eating some friend dumpling dumplings.  The inference is that the elderly man is eating cheese.  The inference is that the
he is stacking cheese. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a apron because he is stacking cheese. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing
she is getting her hair done.  The inference is that the lady is getting her hair done because she is at the hair salon.  The inference is that the lady is getting her hair done because she is
he is black. Premise is entailment to say a man is getting a hair cut because he is getting his hair buzzed off. Premise is entailment to say a man is getting his hair buzzed
it is not a statement about his race. It is a statement about his hair.  Now let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral. Premise is a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off
he is jumping down an inflatable water ride. Premise is a boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride. It is entailment to say a boy is outside because he is jumping down an inflatable water ride. Prem
he is jumping down the water ride. But it is not neutral to say the boy is happy because he is jumping down the water ride. The boy is happy because he is jumping down the water ride. The boy is happy because he
he is jumping down an inflatable water ride.  Premise is a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride. It is contradiction to say the boy is dead because he is jumping down an inflatable water ride.
there are four men and three women.  The inference is that the man who is about to dive into the water has beach attire.
it is not specific to any one person.  Now, let's say that the man who is about to dive into the water
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the dresses.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "five girls are wearing different colored
they are holding hands and smiling.  The inference is that they are playing together.  The inference is that they are playing together because they are holding hands and smiling.  The
cake is a baked food.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle.
she is working in the kitchen.  Premise is a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen. It is contradiction to say the woman is sitting in the bedroom because she is working in the kitchen.
she is a professional cook.  Premise is a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen. It is entailment to say a young woman dressed in white works in a very good
she is a cook. It is not neutral to say the young woman makes a meal because she is a woman.  The inference is that the young woman is a cook because she is a woman.  The inference is
they are waiting for their mom to finish her hair appointment.  Premise is two girls looking out the window at 'hair at hart.. It is entailment to say two kids
it is not a bird.  The inference is that the girls are looking at a bird.  The inference is that the girls are looking at a bird.  The inference is that the girls
they have hair at heart. Premise is two girls looking out the window at 'hair at hart.. It is entailment to say two people look out a window because they have hair at heart. Premise
there are two wrestlers.  The inference is that there are two wrestlers.  The inference is that there are two wrestlers.  The inference is that there are two wrestlers.  The inference is that there
it is not a statement about the wrestler's opponent.  Now, let's say we want to say that wrestler is wearing green. We can say that wrestler is wearing green because wrestler's opponent is wearing green. This
they are wrestlers. Premise is a natural language inference.  Premise is an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent. It is entailment to say two wrestlers are in a match because
it is late. It is also neutral to say people are waiting for a train which is late because it is running late. It is also neutral to say people are waiting for a train which is late because it is running on time.
they are waiting for a train. Premise is people waiting on a train platform. It is entailment to say people are waiting because they are waiting for a train. Premise is people waiting on a train platform. It is entailment to say people are
they are waiting on a train platform.  Premise is people waiting on a train platform. It is contradiction to say people survive a horrible train crash because they are waiting on a train platform.  Premise is people waiting on a train
it is standing in water. Premise is dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera. Premise is dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera. Premise is dog
it is a dog. It is neutral to say a dog is standing in water because it is standing in water. It is neutral to say a dog is looking up at camera because it is looking up at camera.
it is standing in water.  Premise is dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera. It is contradiction to say a dog is sleeping because it is standing in water.  Premise
she is uncomfortable.  The inference is a logical inference. It is a deductive inference. It is a deductive inference because it is based on premises. Premises are statements that are true or false. They
she is under a lot of stress. It is not neutral to say she is under a lot of stress because she is a woman.  The reason is that the woman is under a lot of stress
it is white.  The inference is that the woman is uncomfortable because she is wearing a white dress in a busy environment.  The inference is that the woman is uncomfortable because she is wearing a white dress in a
it is contradictory to say two men are socializing in the bar.  The inference is that the man is socializing with another man.  The inference is that the man is socializing with another man.
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  Now, let's say the man is a woman. The inference is that the man is socializing with another woman in the bar.
they are men. Premise is a man is socializing with another man in the bar. Premise is entailment to say two men talking in a bar because they are men. Premise is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the line.  Premise is girls dressed in red stand in a line. It is neutral to say they are going somewhere because it is not a statement about the girls.
they are standing in line.  Premise is girls dressed in red stand in a line. It is contradiction to say they are running because they are standing in line.  Premise is girls dressed in red stand in a line. It is
it is a holiday. It is neutral to say it is a special day because it is a birthday. It is neutral to say it is a special day because it is a holiday. It is neutral to say it is a special day because it
she is not laughing.  The inference is that the child is laughing at her mother.  The inference is that the child is laughing
she is a girl.  Premise is a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the mother.  Premise is a female child in
he or she cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned. Premise is entailment to say a young infant is wearing pajamas because he or she cries while having his or
it is neutral to say a woman buttons the baby's pajamas while a baby cries. It is not neutral to say a woman buttons the baby's pajamas while
he or she cries.  The inference is that the infant cries because he or she wants to be free from the pajamas.  The inference is that the infant smiles because he or she wants to be
it is made of stone. But it is not neutral to say the statue is made of marble because it is made of stone.  Premise is a crowd of people standing in front of statues. It is neutral to say the
it is a statue.  The inference is that the statue is a gargoyle.  The inference is that the statue is a statue.  The inference is that the statue is a garg
they are standing in front of it. The inference is that they are taking photos of the statue because they are standing in front of it.  The inference is that they are taking photos of the statue because they are standing
he is looking out the window.  The inference engine is able to infer that the boy is awake because he is looking out the window.  The inference engine is able to infer that
it is not necessary to specify whether the boy is wearing shorts or pants. The inference is that the boy is wearing shorts.  The inference is that the boy is wearing shorts because the boy is wearing
he is spraying the window with water. Premise is entailment to say the boy is looking at another boy because he is spraying the window with water. Premise is entailment to say
it is entailment to say a man takes a picture of two men in a crowd because it is entailment to say a man takes a picture of two men in a crowd
a girl cannot take a photo of a dog.  The inference is that the man took a photo of the dog.  The inference is that the girl took a photo of the dog.
it is entailment to say a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd because it is entailment to say a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd because it is
the child is a natural language inference. Premise is a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat
the baby is not a cat.  Premise is a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and
the person is crying near some animals.  The inference is that the person is crying near some animals.  The inference is that the person
they are boys. Premise is entailment to say boys playing because they are playing football. Premise is entailment to say boys playing because they are playing volleyball. Premise is entailment to say boys playing because they are playing volleyball
it is not a gender specific noun.  Now, let's say we have a new game called volleyball. We can say boys playing volleyball because it is a gender specific noun.  Now
he throws a football.  Premise is a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net. It is contradiction to say a boy plays with a yoyo because he throws a football.
the man is old and wears a blue shirt and white pants. Premise is entailment to say a man wearing a blue shirt and white pants because the man is old and wears
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the location. The inference is that the man is resting outside.  The inference is that the man is resting outside.  The
he is not wearing a blue shirt and white pants. Conclusion is that the old man is not swimming.  The inference is that the old man is not swimming because he is not wearing a blue shirt and
it is entailment to say a man standing. It is entailment to say a man wearing a white hat because it is entailment to say a man wearing a white hat. It is entail
there is a man standing.  The inference is that the man is standing on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the man is standing on the sidewalk.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the man's height. It is a statement about the man's presence.  Premise is a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on
they are playing in ocean surf. Premise is two dogs are outside because they are playing in ocean surf. Premise is two dogs are outside because they are playing in ocean surf. Premise is two dogs are outside because they are playing
they are furry beige dogs. Premise is entailment to say two dogs are playing on a beach because they are playing in ocean surf. Premise is entailment to say two dogs are playing on a beach because they
they are playing. Premise is two dogs sleep because they are playing. Premise is two dogs sleep because they are playing. Premise is two dogs sleep because they are playing. Premise is two dogs sleep because they are playing. Premise
he is being dragged through mud.  The inference is that the man is being dragged through mud by two cows.  The inference is that the man is riding a horse because he is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a man is being dragged through mud by two cows.  Now we can say that the man is being tortured by other people
he is being dragged through mud by cows. It is not neutral to say a man is attempting to run away because he is being dragged through mud by two cows.  The inference is
it is raining. It is also neutral to say the children are waiting to go into the water because it is sunny. It is also neutral to say the children are waiting to go into the water because it is windy. It
they are standing on the beach.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction in the sentence. It will find a contradiction if there is one.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction in the sentence. It
there are children standing on the beach. Premise is several children are standing on the beach. It is entailment to say there is a group of people on the beach because there are children standing on the beach. Premise
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the photo.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man is holding a football." This is a statement about
he has no shirt on. Premise is entailment to say a man has no shirt on because he is holding a football. Premise is entailment to say a man has no shirt on because he is holding a football.
he is not wearing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a
it is not sleeping inside. Premise is a dog is sleeping outside. Conclusion is a dog is sleeping outside.  Premise is a dog is sleeping outside. Conclusion is a dog is sleeping outside.
it is a dog. Premise is a dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom. It is entailment to say there is an animal biting a broom because it is a dog
it is a puppy. It is also neutral to say a puppy is playing because it is chasing and biting on a red broom.  Now, let's say we want to say that the puppy is playing because it
it is entailment to say martial arts.  Premise is two men in black pants and black shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor. It is entailment to say two men practicing
tennis is a game played on a court.  The inference is that the premises are true. The inference is that the premises are false. The inference is that the premises are true. The inference is that
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the car.  The inference is that the man is refuelling his car
he is standing in a gas station.  The inference engine is trained on the training data set. The training data set is a set of sentences
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the environment.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is standing
it is entailment to say a woman holding a dog. Premise is entailment to say a woman holding a dog because it is entailment to say a woman holding a dog. Premise is
she is smiling contently.  Premise is an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently. It is entailment to say a woman holding her scruffy dog because
it is contradictory to say a woman holding a scruffy dog.  The inference is that the lady is holding a dog.  The inference is that the lady is holding a cat.
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the thing on the left.  Premise is a
they are sitting around a table with computer monitors on them.  The group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their
the bike is
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the bike.
she is not inside.  The inference is that the woman is inside the store.  The inference is
they walk on the street. Premise is men wearing hats walk on the street. It is entailment to say the men having hats on their head because they walk on the street. Premise is men wearing hats walk on the street
they are wearing hats.  The inference is that the men are walking outside the school.  The inference is that the men are walking on the street.  The inference is that the men are walking on the street.
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the street. The street is neutral. The men are not neutral. The men are construction workers.  Premise is men wearing hats walk on the street. It is neutral
they are inside of a building. Premise is entailment to say the people are indoors because they are inside of a building. Premise is entailment to say the people are indoors because they are inside
the building is indoors.  The inference engine is able to infer that the people are attending an outdoor art festival because the building is outdoors.  The inference engine is able to infer
they are sitting inside of a building. The art exhibit is not neutral. It is either a painting or a sculpture. The painting is neutral to say the people are viewing a painting because they
he is wearing a black t-shirt that says 'long live the dead'. Premise is entailment to say
he is wearing a black t-shirt. The man is wearing a black t-shirt because he just got done shopping.
he is wearing a black t-shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing a black t-shirt because
it is a contradiction to say a man wears his hat on his foot.  Premise is a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in
he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a hat because he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing
it is a contradiction to say a man is wearing a cowboy hat.  Premise is a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth
it is not a statement about the dancers. It is a statement about the crowd.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Three young women belly dance in front of
they are performing in front of a big audience. Premise is three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall. It is entailment to say three young women are performing in front of a big
they are sleeping in a crowded hall.  The inference is that the three young women are sleeping in a crowded hall.  The inference is that the three young women are sleeping in a crowded hall.
she has a blue jacket around her waist. Premise is entailment to say a woman sits on a ledge because she has a blue jacket around her waist. Premise is entail
a man is not a woman.  The inference is that the woman is a man.  The inference is that the woman is a man.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the ruins.  Now, we can say that the woman is sitting on the ledge of
it is not specific to any group.  The second premise is that there are people standing on steps in front of a building. This is a statement about a group of people. It
he is standing on steps in front of a building.  The inference is that the man in blue shirt is posing for the camera.  The inference is that the man in blue shirt
they are standing on steps in front of a building. Premise is a group of people are standing in front of a building. It is entailment to say a group of people are
there is a dog standing outdoors. Premise is brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest. It is entailment to say there is an animal standing outdoors because there is a dog standing
it is standing on the grassy forest.  Premise is brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest. It is contradiction to say the dog is lying on the ground because it
it is neutral to say the dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest because it is neutral to say the dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest because it
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the hat.  Premise is a young boy wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding.
he is enjoying himself. Premise is entailment to say a boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself because he is enjoying himself. Premise is entailment to say
he is wearing a jesters hat.  The inference is that the boy is enjoying himself sledding.  The inference is that the boy is enjoying himself sledding.
he is learning how to climb a cliff. It is also neutral to say a man is learning how to climb a cliff because he is learning how to climb a cliff.  The inference is that the man is learning
he is learning how to climb a cliff.  The inference is that the man is learning how to climb a cliff.  The inference is that the man is learning how to climb a cliff.
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say a man is learning how to climb because it is not a statement about the cliff. It is neutral to say a man is learning how
he is shirtless. Premise is entailment to say the man is not wearing a shirt because he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say the man is not wearing a
he is smoking a cigarette.  The inference is that the man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket.  The inference is that the man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket.
he smokes. Premise is true iff the man smokes. Premise is false iff the man doesn't smoke. Premise is false iff the man cares about his health.
they are excited.  Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. It is entailment to say
they are excited.  Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. It
he blew up balloons to craft into animals. It is entailment to say a man is being creative in front of the crowd because he blew up balloons to craft into
they are not excited.  The inference is that the man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the children that looked on.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the balloon.  Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals
cotton candy is made from sugar. Premise is a man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. It is contradiction to say a man
it is neutral to say two boys are helping their parents shop. It is neutral to say two boys are helping their parents shop because it is neutral to say two boys are helping their parents shop. It is neutral to say
a boy is smiling. Premise is an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy. It is entailment to say a boy is pushing a shopping cart because a boy is smiling. Premise is an
it is neutral to say a boy is walking on the street. But it is not neutral to say a boy is walking on the street if it is not neutral to say a boy is smiling.  Premise is
he is blond and has a striped shirt. Premise is blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set. It is entailment to say a boy is on the swing set because he is blond and has a striped shirt.
he is afraid of heights. Premise is blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set. It is contradiction to say a boy is afraid to go on the swing because he is afraid of heights. Premise is blond
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the swing set.  Now, we can say that the boy is blond because it is a statement about the boy. But we
he is crossing the street.  The problem is that the inference is not always correct. For example, the inference is not always correct when the boy is
he is walking towards the boy.  The inference is that the boy has a backpack on.  The inference is that the boy has a backpack on.
he is wearing a backpack. It is also neutral to say the boy is on his way home from work because he is wearing a backpack. It is
she is cutting into a sandwich. Premise is entailment to say a woman is sitting outside because she is cutting into a sandwich. Premise is entailment to say a woman is sitting outside
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about her friend.  Premise is a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into
she is inside.  The inference is that the woman is sitting outside.  The inference is that the woman is sitting outside because she is inside.  The inference is that the woman
it is not a fact. Premise is a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people. It is not neutral to say the raft is filled with 6 males because it is a fact.
it is a raft. Premise is entailment to say the man flying out of it is a man because it is a raft. Premise is entailment to say the man flying out of it is flying
it is filled with people.  Premise is a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people. It is contradiction to say the raft is empty because it is filled with people.  Premise
she is wearing a leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench
homeless men don't sit on park benches.  The inference is that the woman is homeless.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say there are two boats on a river. It is entailment to say there are two boats on a river because it is entailment to say there
they are on the boat.  The inference is that the people are on the boat.  The inference is that the people are on the boat because the boat is stopped.
it is not clear which boat ran out of gas. It is also neutral to say one of the boats ran out of gas because it is not clear which boat ran out of
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact that the band is playing to a sold out crowd.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The band is playing to a sold out
it is entailment to say the band consists of a trio of musicians. It is entailment to say the band consists of a trio of musicians because it is entailment to say the band consists of a trio of musicians. It
they are playing in a band.  The inference is that the band is signing autographs because they are playing in a band.  The inference is that the band is signing autographs because they are playing in a band.
they are dressed up like animals. Premise is two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera. Premise is two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera. Premise is two individuals dressed up
it is not a statement about the individuals. It is a statement about the situation.  Premise is two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera. It is neutral to say two young boys dressed
they are not basketball players.  The inference is that the two individuals are not dressed up as animals.  The inference is that the two individuals are not dressed up as animals.  The inference is
they are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.  Premise is two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture. It is entailment to say two men are ready to have their
we don't know what they are doing. We can infer that they are standing in total darkness because they are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.  The inference is based on the context. The context is
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the camera.  The camera is a neutral object. It is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the camera.
she is wearing a red jacket.  The inference is that the woman is hiking in the snow topped mountains.  The inference is that the woman is hiking in the snow
they are wearing a red jacket.  The inference is that the woman is hiking in the mountains.  The inference is that the woman is hiking in the mountains because she is
she is wearing a red jacket. Premise is entailment to say a woman hiking in the snow topped mountains is wearing a red jacket because she is wearing a red hat.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the sign.  Now, if we were to say 'the man is
they are not sitting in a coffee shop.  The inference is that the man is holding up a sign that reads 'tattoo' as many people walk near him
he is holding a sign that reads 'tattoo'. Premise is a man holds up a sign that reads 'tattoo' as many people walk near him.
she is taking pictures of the world's largest tree.  The inference is that she is taking pictures of the world's largest tree because she is an
a woman cannot be in a green nun uniform.  Premise: A woman cannot be in a green nun uniform.  Conclusion: A woman cannot be in a green
she is taking a picture with her camera. Premise is entailment because it is entailment. Premise is entailment because it is entailment. Premise is entail
a person throws a red toy for a dog. Premise is entailment to say a person throws a red toy for a dog because a person throws a red toy for a dog. Premise is entail
it is a dog.  Premise is a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for. It is entailment to say a dog is looking for a toy because it is a dog.
a dog is a dog.  Premise is a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for. It is contradiction to say a dog is looking for a cat because a dog is a dog.
they are watching others play.  Premise is several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines. It is entailment to say people play a game because they are
it is not intense.  The inference is that the people playing paintball are playing paintball and the people watching are watching paintball.  The inference is that the people playing paint
they are enjoying the game. It is also neutral to say the people playing paintball are enjoying the game.  Now let's say we want to infer that the people playing paintball are
they are both wearing sunglasses.  Premise is a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera. It
it is a contradiction to say two men are smiling and posing for the camera.  The inference is that the man is the man and the woman is the woman.
it is entailment to say a man and woman. Premise is entailment to say a man and woman wearing sunglasses because it is entailment to say a man and
it is entailment to say a human is in a room. Premise is a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna. It is entailment to say a human not wearing
a man dressed in a coat is not in a kitchen.  The inference is that the man in the towel is in the sauna.  The inference is that the man in the towel
it is not a fact. It is neutral to say a man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna because it is not a fact. It is neutral
it is true. It is also true that women are fixing a school roof because it is true. It is also true that women are fixing a school roof because it is true. It is also true that women are fixing a school roof
he is washing his hands. It is contradiction to say a man is washing his hands because he is washing his hands. It is contradiction to say a man is washing his hands because he is washing his hands. It is contradiction to say
it is on the coast. Premise is repairing the roof of a school on the coast. It is entailment to say a school is being worked on because it is on the coast. Premise is repairing the roof of a
she is upset. Premise is entailment to say a tantrum is throwing because she is upset. Premise is entailment to say throwing is tantrum is upsetting. Premise is entailment to say upsetting is
she is crying.  The inference is that the girl is laughing because she is crying.  The inference is that the girl is laughing because she is crying.  The inference is that the girl is laughing because she is crying.
it is not specific to any particular girl.  Premise is a little girl in a pink dress crying. It is neutral to say a young girl is crying for more attention because it is not specific to any particular girl.
she is wearing a swimsuit.  The inference is that the child is drinking water from a fountain.  The inference is that the child is drinking water from a fountain.  The inference is that the child
she is wearing a swimsuit. But it is not neutral to say the child is at a waterpark because she is wearing a swimsuit and spraying water at other children.  Premise is colorful rings spraying water at
she is wearing swimsuit. Premise is also entailment to say the child is playing because she is spraying water at colorful rings. Premise is entailment to say the child is playing because she is spraying water at colorful rings.
they are both in the same room. Premise is a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white
they are both in the same picture. Premise is a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and
the baby is looking at the cat.  The inference is that the baby is looking at the cat. The inference is not that the baby is looking at the
it is a neutral statement. The dog is playing in the snow is a positive statement because it is a positive statement. The dog is playing in the snow is a negative statement because it is a negative statement. The dog
it is in front of some trees. Premise is the dog is in the snow in front of some trees. It is entailment to say a dog is in the snow because it is in front of some trees.
cats don't play in the snow.  The inference engine is a program that takes the premises and tries to find a conclusion. The inference engine is a program that takes the premises and tries to find a conclusion.
the boy is playing in the water. Premise is a boy is playing in the water. It is entailment to say there is a boy in the water because the boy is playing in the water. Premise is a
the boy is playing in the sand. The inference is that the boy is playing in the sand.  The inference is that the boy is playing in the sand.  Premise is a young boy is playing in
it is a neutral statement. The inference is that the boy is playing in the sand. The inference is that the boy is playing in the sand because the boy is playing in the sand. The inference is that the boy is playing
it is entailment to say a firefighter is holding a fire hose. Premise is entailment to say a firefighter is holding a fire hose because it is entailment
the medic is holding a fire hose.  The inference is that the medic is holding a fire hose because he is an elderly firefighter.  The inference is
there is snow.  Premise is a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled. It is contradiction to say there
the child is lying in snow. Premise is a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled. It
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the child's behavior.  The child is playing in the snow with his friends
they are both wearing gray. Premise is entailment to say a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black because they are both wearing gray. Premise is entailment to say
he is asleep. The inference is that the baby is awake.  The inference is that the baby is awake because the baby yawns. The inference is that the baby yawns because he is awake
it is not a statement about the church.  The inference is that the lady in gray is talking to the lady in black. The inference is not that the lady
some people are in the water.  The inference is that the people in the water are the ones who are on land.  The inference is
some men are on a boat. It is entailment to say some men are on a boat because some men are wearing red shirts. It is entail
they are on a boat.  Premise is two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a
it is not clear whether the boy is running towards his family or towards the other people.  The inference is that the boy is running towards his
he is running towards the people who are already in the water. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment. Premise is entailment
he can't swim.  Premise is a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in
he is wearing a blue shirt. It is also neutral to say a man is on his way to work because he is wearing a blue shirt and he is going to work.  Now, let's say we have
it is entailment to say a man is in a blue shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man walks through a doorway because it is entailment to say a man is in a blue shirt. Premise is
he is not sitting at a table.  The inference is that the man is not sitting at a table.  The inference is that the man is not sitting at a table.  The inference is that the
he is a child. It is neutral to say the boy has a gift for his mother because he is a boy. It is neutral to say the boy has a gift for his mother because he is a child. It is
he is holding flowers.  The child is taking a nap because he is holding flowers.  The child is taking a nap because he is holding flowers.  The child is taking a nap because he is holding flowers.
it is entailment to say a kid is wearing an orange outfit. Premise is a kid is wearing colorful clothing because it is entailment to say a kid is wearing an orange outfit. Premise is a kid is wearing colorful
dogs are not carpeting.  The inference is that dogs are not carpeting.  The inference is that dogs are not carpeting.  The inference is that
it was not clear what the dogs wanted to do.  The dogs wanted to find the end
they are dogs. Premise is two dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard. It is entailment to say dogs traverse a sealed expanse because they are dogs. Premise
they hate flowers.  The inference is that old women hate flowers.  The inference is that old women hate flowers.  The inference is that old women hate flowers.  The inference is
they are old. Premise is old women are resting near flowers because they are old. Premise is old women are resting near flowers because they are old. Premise is old women are resting near flowers because they are old.
they were old. It is also neutral to say they sat near the scenery because they were enjoying the scenery.  Now, let's say that the old women were enjoying the scenery because they were old. Then
he has a shirt. Premise is a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt. It is entailment to say a man wears a helmet because he has a shirt. Premise is a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt
it is not a man.  Premise is a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt. It is contradiction to say a woman has a helmet on a motorcycle because it is not a man.  Premise
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the shirt.  Now, we can say that the man has a blue helmet because it is a statement about the man himself. But we
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the man in the leather jacket and scarf.  Now we can infer that the man in the leather jacket and scarf is the man
they are wearing a leather jacket and scarf.  Premise is man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party. It is entailment to say a person is sitting because they are wearing a leather
he is not wearing a leather jacket and scarf.  The inference is that the person is wearing a leather jacket and scarf.  The inference is that the person is wearing a leather jacket and scarf.
it is a couple opening up a new mixer.  Premise is a couple opening up a new mixer. It is neutral to say the new mixer is necessary for this new couple because it is a couple opening up a
they are a couple. Premise is a couple opening up a new mixer together because they are a couple. Premise is a couple opening up a new mixer together because they are a couple. Premise is a couple opening up
they would have to buy a new mixer to open up a new one.  The couple purchased a new mixer because they wanted to open up a new mixer.  Premise is a couple opening up a new electronically mixer. It
they are near each other. Premise is entailment to say two people are near some other people because they are near each other. Premise is entailment to say
there are some people doing the limbo.  The inference is that there are some people doing the limbo.  The inference is that there are some people doing the limbo
it is not necessary to know anything about the people in the background.  The inference is that the man in the blue shirt is the man in the blue
it is a furry dog. Premise is a dog is jumping over a hurdle. It is entailment to say a dog is jumping because it is a furry dog. Premise is a dog is jumping over a hurdle. It is entailment
it is not a dog.  The inference engine is able to infer the truth of the premise by checking the truth of the conclusion.  The inference engine is able to infer the truth of the conclusion by checking the truth of the
it is not a fact. It is a fact that one dog is jumping over a hurdle.  The inference is that the dog is jumping over the hurdle.  The inference is that the dog is jumping
the man is on a ladder in tall grass.  Premise is a man on a ladder in tall grass. It is contradiction to say the man is seated on his couch in his living room because the man
he is on a ladder. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors because he is tall. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors because he is in tall grass. Premise is entailment to say the man
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the man. The statement is true if the man is wearing glasses. The statement is false if the man is not wearing glasses. The statement is false if the man is not on a ladder
he is wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint.  Premise is a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is
he is wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint.  The inference is that the performer is playing violin in the auditorium.
he is miming.  The inference is that the street performer is miming a film camera.  The inference is that the street performer
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the newspaper.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is reading a newspaper on break. We
he is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans.  The inference is a natural language inference. Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing. It
it is contradictory to say a man is standing up reading a newspaper.  The inference is that the man is standing up reading a newspaper.  The inference is that the man is standing
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the event.  Now let's say we want to infer that the man is wearing an orange
he is wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses. Premise is entailment to say people watch a man jog because he is wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses. Premise is entailment to say
he is not wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses.  The inference is that the man is wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses.  The inference is that the man is
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the race.  Premise is a man running in a race passes by spectators. It is neutral to say the person is running a marathon because it is not
he is running by people who are watching. Premise is entailment to say a man is running by people who are watching because he is running by people who are watching. Premise is entailment to say a
kayak is not a man.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value of a statement from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the truth value
she is riding a bike.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a shirt.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a shirt because she is riding a bike.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a
she is topless. Premise is topless girl riding a red bike. It is entailment to say a woman is on a bike because she is topless. Premise is topless girl riding a red bike. It is entail
she is wearing heels. It is not neutral to say the woman is tall because she is wearing heels and is wearing a skirt.  The inference is that the woman is tall because she is wearing heels and is wearing a skirt.  The inference
he gives thumbs up. Premise is entailment to say the crowd watches him because he gives thumbs up. Premise is entailment to say the crowd watches him because he gives thumbs up. Premise is entailment to say the crowd
he is a man. But it is not neutral to say he has just won the competition because he is a man and he is giving two thumbs up.  The inference is that he has just won the competition because he is a
dogs can't fly.  Premise is a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd. It is contradiction to say two dogs fly to the sun because dogs can't fly.  Premise is a man giving two thumbs
the guy is wearing a neon yellow vest.  Premise is a man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and
they can see each other.  The inference is that the man in the neon yellow vest is leaning over the roof because he is
they are jumping off of a step.  The inference is that the girls are jumping off of a step.  The inference is that the girls are jumping off of a step.  The inference is that the
they are young. Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a steep step. It is entailment to say girls are jumping because they are jumping off of a steep step. Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a
they are jumping off of a step. Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a steep step. Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a steep step. Premise is two young girls are jumping off
he is cleaning the snow off his car.  The inference is that the man is cleaning the snow off his car.  The inference is that the man is cleaning the
it is not a statement about the man's character. The inference is that the man is getting his car ready for work because he is middle-aged and middle-aged men get
he is cleaning off his car. Premise is middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom. It is entailment to say the man is
they are intelligent. Premise is man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books. It is entailment to say people near a lot of reading materials because they are intelligent. Premise
the table is covered in books.  The inference is that the couple is under the table of books.  The inference is that the couple is under the table of books.  The inference
it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is that the man is the reader and the woman is the writer. This inference is based on the fact that the man is reading a book and the
it is contradictory to say four women are running away from a man in the city.  The inference is that the four women are running away from a man.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about jewelry.  The inference is that the women are shopping for jewelry because they are carrying shoulder bags. The inference is not that the women are carrying shoulder
they are carrying shoulder bags.  The inference is that the women are carrying shoulder bags because they are women.  The inference is that the women are carrying shoulder bags because they are women.  The
the dog is white.  The inference is that the dog is white because it is playing in the snow.  The inference is that the snow is purple because it is snowing.  The inference is that the dog is playing in the snow
it is a fact. But it is not neutral to say the dog has cold paws because it is a fact. The second sentence is a fact, but it is not neutral.  The second sentence is a fact, but it is
it is white. Premise is white dog playing in the snow. It is entailment to say the dog enjoys the snow because it is playing in the snow. Premise is white dog playing in the snow. It is entailment to say the
it is not a statement about gender.  The inference is that the women are cooking because they are women. The inference is that the men are cooking because they are men.  The
there are four women and two men in the kitchen.  The inference is that there are four women and two men in the kitchen.  The inference is that there are four women and
they are women.  Premise is four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth. It is entailment to say people cooking because
it is carrying it. Premise is the dog is carrying a ball in its mouth. It is entailment to say the dog has a ball because it is carrying it. Premise is the dog is carrying a ball in its
it is carrying a ball in its mouth.  The inference is that the dog is chewing on his food because it is carrying a ball in its mouth.  The inference is that the dog is chewing on his
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The dog is running with a ball in its mouth is a fact. The dog is running with a ball in its mouth is a hypothesis. The dog is
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog is fetching the ball for itself because it is a dog.  The inference is that the dog is fetching the ball
there is a dog outside. Premise is entailment to say there is a dog outside because there is a ball outside. Premise is entailment to say there is a ball outside because there is
the dog is white.  The inference is that the dog is chasing after a tennis ball.  The inference is that the dog is chasing after a tennis ball.  The inference is
he is wearing colorful shorts. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing colorful shorts because he is surfing. Premise is entailment to say a man is surfing because he is wearing colorful shorts. Premise is entailment
he is wearing shorts.  The inference is that the man is surfing.  The inference is based on the premise that the man is wearing shorts.  The inference is based on the premise that the man is surfing
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the ocean.  The inference is that the man is surfing under a wave. The inference is not that the man is surfing under a wave because
the animal jumps as a male falls. Premise is entailment to say an animal jumps as a male falls because an animal jumps as a bull jumps. Premise is entailment to say an animal jumps
the bull is jumping.  The inference is that the man is falling off the bull. The inference is that the bull is jumping. The inference is that the bull is calm.  The inference is
they are all waiting for the same train. It is also neutral to say that the people are waiting for different trains because they are waiting for different trains.  Now, let's say that the people are waiting for different
it is raining outside.  The inference engine will try to infer the following:  People are inside the metro station.  People are outside the metro station.  People are inside the metro station and outside the snow
they are waiting in a metro station.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference engine. It will be able to infer the following sentences:  People are waiting in a metro station.  People are waiting in
the child is dressed for winter and the child is leaning on a mesh fence. Premise is entailment to say
the child is dressed for winter and is leaning on a mesh fence. Premise is entailment to say a small child
the child is dressed for winter and the mesh fence is in a scenic park setting.  Premise is a
they are wrestling.  The inference is that the wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner because they are wrestling.  The inference is that the wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner because they are wrestling.  The
they are both wrestlers. It is not neutral to say two wrestlers are competing because they are brothers.  Premise is two wrestlers in an intense match. It is neutral to say two wrestlers are competing and are brothers because they are both wrestlers
they are wrestlers. Premise is two wrestlers in an intense match. It is entailment to say wrestlers are participating in a match because they are participating in a match. Premise is two wrestlers in an intense match. It is entailment to
there was a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses
he is a witness to a road death.  Now, suppose that the man is a witness to a
it is a bear and bears don't jump.  The inference is that the man is a witness to a road death.
the person is belted into the bungee-jumping ride. Premise is entailment to say a person is thrown into the air by a bun
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  Premise is a person belted into a bungee-
he is performing with face paint on. It is not neutral to say the asian man is drawing a crowd because he is performing with face paint on and he is asian.  The inference is that the as
he is performing with face paint on.  The inference is that the asian man is performing with face paint on.  The inference is that the asian man is performing with face paint on.
he is performing with face paint on. Premise is an asian man is performing with face paint on. It is entailment to say the asian man is a performer because he is performing with face paint on.
an elephant is too big to fit through a telescope. Premise
it is entailment to say an old man in a pink
it is not a statement about the old man. It is
they are digging under a rock. Premise is dogs are digging a hole because they are digging under a rock. Premise is dogs are digging a hole because they are digging under a rock. Premise
cats are not dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are digging under the rock because they are dogs. The inference is that the cats are sleeping in the sun because they are cats.
they are digging under a rock. Premise is two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera. Premise is two dogs are digging under a large rock with their
there is a brown furry animal in the grass. Premise is entailment to say there is a brown furry animal in the grass because there is a tree behind him. Premise is
it is walking in the grass.  The inference is that the animal is walking in the grass.  The inference is that the animal is walking in the grass.  The inference is
it is not a forest. It is neutral to say the animal is walking through a field because it is not a field. It is neutral to say the animal is walking through a desert because it
it is not a policeman. It is not a policeman because it is not a motorcycle. It is not a motorcycle because it is not a policeman. It is not a policeman because it is not a motorcycle. It is not a motorcycle because
it is not a motorcycle.  The inference is that the premise is a policeman on a motorcycle.  The inference is that the premise is a policeman on a motorcycle.  The inference is that the premise is a policeman on
he is not a policeman.  The inference is that the officer is watching the jail cell because he is a policeman.  The inference is that the officer is watching the jail cell because he is a policeman.  The inference
they are hanging on to the bottom of an airplane. Premise is entailment to say someone is flying through the sky because they are hanging on to the bottom of an airplane. Premise is
a person is not driving a tractor.  Premise is a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive. It is contradiction to say a person is driving a
it is not a statement about the person's identity. It is a statement about the person's behavior. Premise is a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skyd
he is not on the train.  The inference is that the man on the train is not running the train into another train.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the trains themselves. It is a statement about the trains passing each other.  Premise is
they are both trains.  Premise is a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train
man in suit is not necessary business.  The inference is that man in suit is necessary business.  The inference is that man in suit is necessary business.  The
monkey is not a businessman.  The inference is that the businessman is a monkey.  The inference is that the businessman is not a businessman.  The inference is that
man is not a businessman.  The inference is that man is a businessman.  The inference is that man is a businessman.  The inference is that man is
he is not at the dental examination.  Premise is a young boy in a dental examination. It is contradiction to say an older boy is at the hospital because he is not at the dental examination.  Premise is a
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the cavity filling.  Premise is a young boy in a dental examination. It is neutral to say a young boy is getting a cavity filled because it is
they are wearing backpacks.  Premise is four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail. It is entailment to say four people are walking along a mountain trail because
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the four people are trying to get down before the storm
there are four people walking in a line.  The inference is that there are four people on the mountain trail.  The inference is that there are four people on the mountain trail.  The
there are people outside the hotel.  The inference is a natural language inference. Premise is a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several
there is no silver car passing the entrance of the hotel carmel.  The inference is that there is a silver car passing the entrance of the
it is not necessary to mention the hotel carmel. However, it is necessary to mention the silver car because it is necessary to mention the car.  The inference
she was indoors before walking out of the door. Premise is entailment to say a woman was indoors before walking outside because she was indoors before walking out of the door. Premise is entailment
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the bag.  Premise is a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.
she is carrying a bag.  The inference is that the woman is wearing purple and carrying a bag.  The inference is that the woman is wearing green and carrying a bag.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the whales.  The inference is that the man is taking a picture
a man cannot take a picture of a goldfish.  The inference is that the man is taking a picture of a whale.  The inference is that
he is taking a picture of a whale. Premise is a man is using a camera because he is taking a picture of a whale. Premise is a man is using a
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog is dressed up for halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume because
it is trying to get something. It is entailment to say a small animal is trying to get some plant life because it is trying to get something. It is entailment to say a small
a dog cannot stand on hind legs.  Premise is small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers. It is contradiction to say a dog is trying to eat a
there is a dog outdoors. Premise is the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth. Premise is the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth. Premise is
it is not in snow.  Premise is the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth. It is contradiction to say the dog is sleeping on the couch because it is not in
it is playing fetch. It is not neutral to say the dog is playing fetch because it is playing fetch with a stick.  The inference is that the dog is playing fetch with a stick.  The inference
he is working indoors. It is neutral to say a man is working outdoors because he is working outdoors. It is neutral to say a man is working indoors because he is working indoors. It is neutral to say a man is working outdoors because
he is in a boom lift bucket welding.  The inference is that the man is painting because he is in a boom lift bucket welding.  The inference is that the man is painting because he is in a boom lift bucket welding.
he is welding. Premise is a man is working because he is welding. Premise is a man is working because he is welding. Premise is a man is working because he is welding. Premise is a man is working because
it is a neutral statement.  Premise is a young dark-haired woman with
she is the same person as the premise. Premise is a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an
she is not hitting anyone.  The inference is that the girl is not hitting anyone because she
they are not water skiing.  The inference is that the group of people are water
they are wearing basketball uniforms.  Now, let's say we have a picture
the red team is losing.  Now, let's say we want to say
they are outside working.  Premise is a group of people are outside working. It is entailment to say people are busy because they are outside working.  Premise is a group of people are outside working. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the nature of the construction workers. It is a statement about the nature of the construction project.  Premise is a group of people are outside working. It is neutral to say construction workers are building something because it
they are inside.  The inference is that the children are swimming outside.  The inference is that the children are swimming outside.  The inference is that the children are swimming outside.  The inference is that the children
she is sitting with a guitar. Premise is entailment to say a woman is sitting with a guitar because she is talking. Premise is entailment to say a woman is sitting with a guitar because she is
it is raining. It is neutral to say it is sunny because it is sunny. It is neutral to say it is raining because it is raining. It is neutral to say it is sunny because it is sunny. It is
he is sitting with an umbrella.  The inference is that the man is jogging because he is sitting with an umbrella.  The inference is that the man is jogging because he is sitting with an
it's not a bus.  The inference is that the bus is a red bus.  The inference is that the bus is a red bus.  The
there's no bus stop.  The inference is that there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system.  The inference
it is a sprinkler system.  Now, let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that
it is cloudy.  The inference is that it is nighttime because it is cloudy.  The inference is that it is nighttime because it is cloudy.  The inference is that it is nighttime
it is raining. It is entailment to say it is raining because it is cloudy. It is entailment to say it is cloudy because it is raining. It is entailment to
they are not wearing shirts. It is also neutral to say the two men are wearing shirts because they are wearing shirts.  The inference is that the two men are not wearing shirts
they are protesting age discrimination.  Premise is people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally. It is entailment to say people are rallying because they are protesting age discrimination.  Premise is people protesting age discrimination in an organized
they are protesting age discrimination. It is entailment to say people are protesting age discrimination because they are standing in a street. It is entailment to say people are standing in a street because they are protesting age discrimination because they are
they are protesting age discrimination.  The inference is that people are protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally.  The inference is that people are protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally.  The inference is that people are
it is not a statement about her. It is a statement about her choice of makeup.  The old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will
she is looking at herself.  Premise is an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics. It is entailment to say the old
the old lady is not a dog.  The inference is that the old lady is a dog.  The inference is that the old lady is a dog because she is playing tennis with
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her occupation.  The inference is that she is holding a container of ice cream because she is a woman.  The inference
spaghetti is cooked.  Premise is a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream. It is contradiction to say a woman in an apron is cooking spaghetti because
it is not a statement about her gender. However, it is a statement about her gender if she is making a snack because she is a woman.  The inference is that she is making a snack because
they are not wearing t-shirts.  The inference is that the two men are wearing t-shirts.  The inference is that the two men are wearing t-
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the people being chased. It is a statement about the beach.  The inference is that the teenagers are being chased by
it is entailment to say a number of people run on a beach.  Premise is three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other
he is singing.  The inference is that the singer is sleeping
it is entailment to say a singer in a
he is a singer, but it is not neutral to say he is
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks out her tongue. It is contradiction to say a man is hugging the woman because he is choking her. The inference is that the man is hugging the woman because he is choking her.  The inference is that the man is hugging
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks out her tongue. It is neutral to say a man is mad at the woman because she is sticking out her tongue. It is not neutral to say a man is mad at the woman because she is sticking out her tongue because she is
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks out her tongue. It is entailment to say a man chokes a woman because the man is angry. Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks
it is entailment to say a girl. Premise is entailment to say a girl in a hat because it is entailment to say a girl in a wheelchair. Premise is entailment to say a girl in a hat
it is neutral to say a girl is following her parents on a bicycle. It is neutral to say a girl is following her parents on a bicycle because it is neutral to say a girl is following her parents on a
she is in a wheelchair.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of a sentence. It is a program that can infer the truth of a sentence.  The inference engine is a program that can infer
he is walking to work. It is neutral to say the man is walking to work because he is going to work. It is neutral to say the man is walking to work because he is going to work. It is neutral
he is not in the street.  Premise is a man in a business suit has just crossed the street. It is contradiction to say the man is laying in the street because he is not in the street.
it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say the man is crossing because it is not a statement about the man. It is neutral to say the man is crossing the street because it is not a statement about the
it is a natural language inference. Premise is an old man
it is inferred from the premise. Premise is inferred from the premise. Premise is inferred from the premise. Premise is inferred from the
the farmer is not a blacksmith.  The inference is that the farmer is milking the cow.  The inference is that the farmer is
they are smiling.  Premise is a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign
they are smiling.  The inference is that the man in the red shirt is throwing rocks at the policemen because he is smiling.  The inference is that
they are smiling and holding up a sign.  Now, let's say we have a
he is wearing a white shirt and gray slack. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a white shirt and gray slack because
he is hitting the ball into the trees. The inference is that he is a poor golfer because he is hitting the ball into the trees.
tennis is played on grass.  The inference is that the man is playing golf.  The inference is that the man is playing golf because he
she is not a man.  Premise is a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart. It is contradiction to say a woman is smoking a cigarette because she is not a man.  Premise
it is not a statement about the man in green pants and blue shirt. It is a statement about the old man pushing a cart.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The man in
there is a man pushing a cart. Premise is entailment to say there is a man wearing cloths because there is a man pushing a cart. Premise is entailment to say there is a man wearing
a person is wearing a black jacket.  Premise is a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water. It is entailment to say a person is outside near some water because
it is not a conclusion. The inference is that the man is standing by a river because he is wearing a black jacket.  The inference is that the man is standing by a river because he is wearing
he is wearing a black jacket.  The inference is that the man is standing next to the water.  The inference is that the man is standing next to the water.  The inference is
it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumps over a pile of wood. It is entailment to say a dog can jump because it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumps over a pile of wood. It is entailment
it is not a dog.  Premise is a dog jumps over a pile of wood. It is contradiction to say a dog rests on a pile of wood because it is not a dog.  Premise is a
it is neutral to say a dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit. It is not neutral to say a dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit because it is not neutral to
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. The inference is that the man in blue is the goalie.  The inference is based on the premise that the man in blue is wearing blue
field hockey is played on a field.  The inference is that the men are playing soccer.  The inference is that the men are playing soccer because the inference is that the men are playing soccer.
they are wearing red and blue. Premise is a statement about the world. It is a statement about the world that is true. Premise is a statement about the world that is false. Premise is a
there is no bus.  The inference is that the woman is standing in front of a bus.  The inference is that the woman is standing in
it is not a statement about the grandmother. It is a statement about the bus.  Premise is a well dressed elderly woman standing
the woman is wearing purple flowers.  Premise is a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers. It is entail
she is a tennis player. Premise is entailment to say the woman hits a ball because she is a tennis player. Premise is entailment to say the woman hits a ball because she is a tennis player
he is not a tennis player.  The inference is that the tennis player is a woman.  The inference is that the tennis player is a man.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the coach. The girl hits the ball to her coach is a statement about the girl.  The girl hits the ball to her
she is small. Premise is small girl riding in play car. It is entailment to say a girl is riding in a toy car because she is riding in a play car. Premise is small girl riding in play car.
she is small and she is riding in a toy car. It is not neutral to say a girl is about to crash her toy car because she is riding in a toy car.  The same goes for the word "crash
it is not a play car.  Premise is small girl riding in play car. It is contradiction to say a young boy sits in a lawn chair because it is not a play car.  Premise is small girl riding
she is not standing outside the laundromat.  Premise is a young man standing outside a laundromat. It is contradiction to say a woman is at the laundromat because she is not standing outside the
it is true. Premise is also true because it is a statement of fact. Premise is also true because it is a statement of fact. Premise is also true because it is a
he is wearing clothes. Premise is entailment to say a man is standing because he is wearing clothes because he is standing. Premise is entailment to say a man is standing because he is wearing clothes because he is standing. Prem
it is a child. Premise is a kid on a swing. It is entailment to say a kid is on the swing because it is a kid. Premise is a kid on a swing. It is entailment to say a kid is
the child is on a swing.  Premise is a child on a swing. It is contradiction to say the child is on a sled because the child is on a swing.  Premise is a child on a swing. It is contradiction
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The child is playing with friends on the swing is a conclusion.  Premise: The child is playing with friends on the swing. Conclusion: The child is playing with friends on
it is not a house.  Premise is a man is performing for a group in front of a white house. It is entailment to say the man's performance was outside of a
a man cannot perform inside of a gymnasium.  The inference is that the man performed in front of a white house.  The inference is that the man performed in front of a
it is not a fact. It is a fact that he performed in front of a white house.  The inference is that the man performed in front of a white house.  The inference
it is entailment to say a boy wears red and blue. Premise is entailment to say a dog chases a boy because it is entailment to say a boy wears red and blue. Premise is entail
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say a dog chases a boy to eat him because it is a statement of fact.  The inference is that the dog ch
a dog chases his tail.  Premise is a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue. It is contradiction to say a dog chases his tail because a dog chases his tail.
man cannot build a house out of stone.  The inference is that man is building a house out of stone.  The inference is that man is building a house out of stone.
it is entailment to say man sitting near table in a room with fabrics draped down the walls. Premise is entailment to say man sitting near table in a room
he is curious about his future.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that contains the word "man" and "tarot card
somebody has a tattoo.  The inference is that the blond woman is the person who has a tattoo.  The inference is that the blond woman is the person
she is a blond woman with a tattoo. Premise is entailment to say a person with a tattoo because she is walking down the street, a concrete wall
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the tattoo.  Premise is a blond woman with a tattoo of on an
she is standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls.  The inference is that the woman is dancing in an art gallery.
there is a picture of a person in a room.  The inference is that there is a person in the room because there is a picture of a person
she is upset about the framing job.  The inference is that she is upset about the framing job because she is a woman.  The
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that girl jumps off swing. It is a statement of fact that building is there. It is a statement of fact that building is there.
she is young. Premise is entailment to say she jumps off swing because she is young because she jumps off swing. Premise is entailment to say she jumps off swing because she is young because she jumps off swing.
he is a boy. Premise is a boy drinks coffee because he is a boy. Premise is a boy drinks coffee because he is a boy. Premise is a boy drinks coffee because he is a boy. Premise is
it is contradiction to say a group is walking.  Premise is a group is walking between two giant rock formations. It is contradiction to say a group is swimming because it is contradiction to say a group is walking.  Premise
it is not a group of hikers. It is a group of hikers because it is a group of hikers.  Premise is a group is walking between two giant rock formations. It is neutral to say a group is hiking because it is
it is entailment to say a group is walking between two giant rock formations. Premise is a group is walking between two giant rock formations. It is entailment to say a group is walking because it is entailment to say a group
it is not possible to walk across stepping stones in a boat.  Premise is four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water. It is contradiction to say three people are riding in a boat because it
they are standing on the stepping stones. It is entailment to say they are standing on the stepping stones because they are walking across them. It is entailment to say they are walking across them because they are in a body
they are walking across stepping stones. It is also neutral to say the people are trying to cross a river because they are walking across stepping stones.  The inference is that the people are trying to
he is near water. Premise is entailment to say a man is near water because he is near a toddler. Premise is entailment to say a man is near water because
it is not a statement about the toddler. Premise is a statement about the older man. Premise is a statement about the toddler. Premise is
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say the grandfather is bathing his grandchild. The inference is that the grandfather is bathing his grandchild.
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the statues.  The next step is to infer the context of the statement. The context is the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny
they are not statues.  The inference is that the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day.  The inference is that the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day.  The inference
women are photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day. Premise is entailment to say women photographing statues because women are photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day. Premise is entailment to say women photographing statues because
she is swimming.  Premise is a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has
she is wearing a swimsuit.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a swimsuit because she is sneaking into the kitchen
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a
he is singing. Conclusion is that he is singing.  Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. It is contradiction to say a man is talking to others because he is singing. Conclusion is that he is singing. Premise
he is wearing purple tie. Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. It is entailment to say a man is wearing purple tie because he is singing. Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. It is entailment to
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the concert.  Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. It is neutral to say a man is performing in a concert because it is not a
it is not a statement about the worker's gender. It is a statement about the worker's job.  Premise is a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. It is neutral to say the worker is a man
it is entailment to say a worker shovels dirt. Premise is entailment to say a worker shovels dirt because it is entailment to say a worker uses a shovel. Premise is entailment to say a worker
snow is not dirt.  Premise is a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. It is contradiction to say the worker is shoveling snow because snow is not dirt. Conclusion is the worker shoveling snow into
he is gray and gray because he is old. Premise is entailment to say the man is gray because he is old and gray because he is old. Premise is entailment to
he is gray-haired.  Premise is an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture. It is contradiction to say the
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the man. The man is 100 years old because he is an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt
they are not in the forest.  The inference is that the women are going for a run in the forest.  The inference is that the women are going for a run in the forest.
they are moving a cannon down the path. The castle is neutral to say the castle is being besieged because it is being attacked by four men. The castle is neutral to say the castle is being attacked by four men
they moved the cannon. Premise is four men in the forest move a cannon down the path. It is entailment to say the men are in the woods because they moved the cannon. Premise is four men in
she is drawing a chalkboard.  Premise is a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard. It is contradiction to say a girl is baking a cake in her kitchen because she is drawing
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the board. Premise is a little girl drawing on the board during class. It is a statement about the girl because it is a
she is drawing on a chalkboard. Premise is entailment to say a young girl is drawing on a chalkboard because she is drawing on a chalkboard. Premise is entailment to say a
she is fixing a drawer. Premise is entailment to say the drawer is fixed because it is white. Premise is entailment to say the woman is fixing the drawer because she is wearing shorts. Premise is
she is fixing a wooden drawer. But it is not neutral to say the woman is wearing black shorts because she is fixing a wooden drawer.  The reason is that the woman is fixing a wooden drawer is a fact
she is fixing a drawer.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a dress because she is fixing a drawer.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a dress because she is fixing a drawer.
it is not a contradiction to say a racer on a bicycle.  Premise is a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air. It is contradiction to say a racer on horseback because it is not a contradiction
it is entailment to say a person on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air.  Premise is a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air. It is entailment to say a person on a
it is not a person waving at the camera.  The inference is that the person is waving at the camera.  The inference is not that the person is waving at the camera.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about her personality. It is a statement about her actions.  Now, let's say we want to say that she is preparing spaghetti because she is hungry. We can say that
she is preparing food. Premise is entailment to say an old woman is in the kitchen because she is preparing food. Premise is entailment to say an old woman is in the kitchen because
the young woman is not an older woman.  Premise is a statement that is true if and only if the antecedent is true. Premise is a statement that is true if
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the situation.  Now let's say we want
the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.  The
they are not eating lollipops.  The inference is that the blond woman is wearing a button and the brown haired
it is not a statement about the man's gender.  The inference is that the man getting tidied up for a job interview is a man.  The inference is that
he is not giving another man a haircut.  The inference is that the man with long braided hair is dancing alone on a sidewalk in a
he is standing around. Premise is entailment to say a guy is getting his hair trimmed because he is standing around. Premise is entailment to say a guy is getting his hair trimmed because
there are men at the party.  Premise is men at a party hanging out on the front porch. It is contradiction to say there are no men at the party because there are men at the party.
there are men at the party. Premise is men at the party because there are men at the party. Premise is men at the party because there are men at the party. Premise is men at the party because
it is a porch. It is also neutral to say they are smoking cigars because it is a porch. It is also neutral to say they are smoking cigarettes and cigars because it is a porch. It is also neutral to say
it is not possible.  The inference is that the man is pushing the child in the carriage.  The inference is that the man is pushing the
it is entailment to say a man and a couple of women walk down a wooded path.  Premise is a
the man is pushing a young child in a
they are giving a presentation. It is entailment to say they are giving a presentation because they are girls. It is entailment to say they are girls because they are inside a school. It is entailment to say they are inside
they are not in a classroom.  The inference is that the girls are watching a presentation in a classroom.  The inference is that the girls are watching a presentation in a classroom.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the classroom.  Now, let's say that the girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom. This is a statement
it is not a statement about the man or the taxi. It is a statement about the taxi.  Now, let's say we want to say that
it is entailment to say a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit. Premise is a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green
it is a contradiction to say a older man sits in a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi.  Premise is a older man with gray hair wearing a
they are black.  The inference is that the man in camouflage pants is the man in black sneakers.  The inference is that the man in camouflage pants is
they are both men. It is neutral to say the man in camouflage pants is terrified because he is a man. It is neutral to say the man in camouflage pants is
they are using a phone. It is entailment to say the men are using a phone because they are using a phone. It is entailment to say
they are not singing at home.  The inference is that the children are singing at school.  The inference is that the children are singing at school because they are singing at home.  The inference is that the children are singing at
it is entailment to say a choir of kids are singing. It is entailment to say a choir of kids are singing because it is entailment to say a choir of kids are singing. It is entailment to say a choir of kids
it is not a statement about the choir. It is a statement about the choir.  Premise is a choir of youths are singing. It is neutral to say they are singing in a christmas program because it is not a statement
it is shown in the shot. Premise is a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head. It
he is smiling.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Find all the sentences that contain the word "sm
it is not a fact. It is a fact to say the guy just got a big tip from a customer because it is a fact.  The inference is
it is not specific to gender.  The inference is that the girl is talking to the boy. The inference is that the girl is talking to the boy because the
they are watching the sunset.  The inference engine is a program that takes the premises and produces a conclusion. The inference engine is a program that takes the premises and produces
it is not a statement about the girl or boy. It is neutral to say a couple of young people are at a concert because it is not a statement about
it is entailment to say two adults are on a seesaw. Premise is a man and a woman are on a seesaw. It is entailment to say two adults are on a seesaw because it is entail
it is not a statement about the attractiveness of the adults. It is neutral to say two attractive adults are on a seesaw because it is not a statement about the attractiveness of the adults. It is neutral to say two attractive
it is contradictory to say two children are on a seesaw.  Premise is a man and a woman are on a seesaw. It is contradiction to say two children on a seesaw because it is contradictory to say
it is a book. It is also neutral to say a person reads a book because they are reading a book. The second sentence is a natural language inference. The inference is that the person is reading a book because they are reading a book. The
he is reading a book.  The inference is that the person is reading a book.  The inference is that the person is reading a book.  The inference is that the person is reading a book.  The inference
he is reading a book. Premise is true. Conclusion is true.  Premise is true. Conclusion is true.  Premise is true. Conclusion is true.  Premise is true. Conclusion is true.  Premise
the dog is laying on the sidewalk next to him.  The inference is that the man is wearing a baseball cap because the dog is laying on
the man is wearing a straw hat. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a straw hat because the man is sitting
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the man is a man because he is wearing a straw hat. The dog is a retriever because
they are arguing.  The inference is that the young men are arguing about something. The inference is that the young men are arguing about something. The inference is that the young men are arguing about something. The inference
they are standing on a balcony. Premise is sexy young men standing on a balcony having a heated conversation. Premise is sexy young men standing on a balcony having a heated conversation. Premise is sexy young men standing on a
it is not clear whether they were arguing or having a heated conversation.  The natural language inference is that they were arguing.  The natural language inference is that they were arguing.
he has an orange backpack. Premise is a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods. It is entailment to say a boy walks through the woods because he has an orange
it is contradictory to say a boy walks through a field.  Premise is a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods. It is contradiction to say a girl walks through a
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the woods. The boy is a subject of the sentence. The woods is a predicate of the sentence. The woods is a noun
they are running. Premise is entailment to say the grassy field is outside because it is grassy. Premise is entailment to say the men are running because they are outside. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the game they are playing.  Premise is a group of young men are running in a grassy field.  Premise is a group
he is not running.  The inference is that the young men are running.  The inference is that the young men are running because they are young men.  The inference is
she is a woman.  The inference is that the man is collecting the rose from the woman.  The inference is that the man is collecting the rose from the
it is entailment to say a man wears a gray tank top.  Premise is a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from
they are married. Premise is entailment to say a man wears a gray tank top because he is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress. Premise
it is grabbing fruit. Premise is entailment to say a little baby is wearing blue because it is grabbing fruit. Premise is entailment to say a little baby is wearing blue because it is grabbing fruit. Prem
it is contradictory to say a little baby is wearing blue.  Premise is a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit. It is contradiction to say a little baby is wearing red because it is contradictory to
it is not a statement about the baby's gender. It is a statement about the baby's gender.  Premise is a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit. It is neutral to say a little
he is wearing a tie.  The inference is that the woman is applying lip makeup to the man.  The inference is that the man is ready to fight because he is wearing
she is wearing a red dress.  The inference is that the girl is going to a date with a man. The inference is that the girl is going to a date with a
she is going to a party. Premise is a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair. It is entailment to say the girl
she is not wearing a tank top and camouflage pants.  The inference is that the woman is not wearing a
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her performance.  Now, let's say we have a
she is holding a microphone.  Premise is there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a
she is wearing an orange scarf.  The inference engine is a program that can infer the truth of a sentence from the context. It is a program that can infer the truth of a sentence from the context.  The inference
it is a contradiction to say a woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a factory.  The inference is that the woman wearing the orange scarf is working at the factory.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the daughter.  The inference is that the woman is calling her daughter.  The inference is that the woman is calling her daughter because she is wearing an orange
she is sitting. Premise is a woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom. It is contradiction to say the woman is standing because she is sitting. Premise is a woman in a head
she is wearing a headscarf. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a headscarf because she is sitting. Premise is entailment to say a woman is sitting because she is wearing
it is not a contradiction to say a man with his diving gear.  The inference is that the man with his diving gear is a diver.  The inference is that the man with his diving
he is smirking. Premise is entailment to say a man smirking because he is wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat. Premise is entailment to say a man smir
he is ashamed of his appearance.  The inference is that the man is ashamed of his appearance.  The inference is that the man is ashamed of his appearance.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the guys.  The same thing applies to the statement "The girls are in water". It is neutral because it is not a statement about the
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the pool.  Now, if you want to say that two girls are swimming in a pool, you can say that two girls are swimming in a pool
it is not a natural language inference. It is a natural language inference because it is a natural language inference.  Premise is two girls in bathing suits are in water. It is neutral to say two girls practicing swimming in a
they are working. So, we can infer that women are working in a field.  Now, let's look at the sentence "Women are working and digging in a field." It is a contradiction to say women are working
it is not a statement about women. It is a statement about corn.  Now, let's say we want to say women are digging in a field to plant corn. We can say women are digging in a field
they are working. It is entailment to say women are working because they are digging. It is entailment to say women are digging because they are working. It is entailment to say women are working because they are digging. It is entailment
it is not a statement about john mccain. It is a statement about politics. It is a statement about politics because it is a statement about john mccain. It is a statement about politics because it is a
he is a politician. Conclusion is politician john mccain is hosting a talk show.  The inference is john mccain is hosting a talk show because he is a politician.  The inference is john
he is a politician. Premise is politician john mccain on a talk show. It is entailment to say john mccain is on a talk show because he is a politician. Premise is politician
pedestrians use it.  The inference is that pedestrians use the crosswalk because traffic waits for them to cross.  The inference is that pedestrians use the crosswalk because traffic waits for them to
pedestrians are crossing the street. It is also neutral to say traffic is stopped at a red light because pedestrians are crossing the street.  Now, let's say we have a pedestrian crossing the
pedestrians use the crosswalks.  Premise is pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection. It is entailment to say traffic waits
it is a fact. However, it is not neutral to say many people walk to the sidewalk because it is a fact that many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic.  The child
it is not a sidewalk.  The child is walking towards the sidewalk. The clown is walking towards the street. The clown is not walking towards the sidewalk. The clown is walking towards the street.
many people walk to the sidewalk. Premise is many people walk to the sidewalk because many people walk to the sidewalk. Premise is many people walk to the sidewalk because many people walk to the sidewalk.
it is a neutral statement. It is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the action.  Now, suppose we want to say that the person is protesting against the building.
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is a natural language inference because it is a natural language inference. It is a natural language inference because it is a natural language inference. It is
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and doesn't seem to notice the person taking their picture. It is contradiction to say a child notices his mom taking a picture because he is looking at her.  The inference is that the child notices his mom taking a picture.  The inference is that the child notices
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and doesn't seem to notice the person taking their picture. It is entailment to say someone is taking a picture of a child because the child is standing at the top of steps. Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and doesn't
Let's explain a natural language inference. Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and doesn't seem to notice the person taking their picture. It is neutral to say a child's mother takes a picture of her because it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the mother.  The child's mother takes a picture of her because
he is in a sunny neighborhood. Premise is a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood. It is entailment to say a child is riding his bike because he is in a sunny neighborhood. Premise is a child rides
it is a neutral statement. The child is riding his bike to the park because it is a positive statement. The child is riding his bike to the park because it is a negative statement. The child is riding his bike
it is contradictory to say the child is at home watching movies.  The inference is that the child is at home watching movies.  The inference is that the child is at home watching movies.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the mother or daughter. It is a statement about the historical event.  The inference is that the mother and daughter are participating in a historical
they are reading to a girl. It is entailment to say people are outside because they are sitting on the grass. It is entailment to say people are outside because they are wearing colonial clothing. It is entail
the girl is reading.  The inference is that the girl is reading to the woman.  The inference is that the girl is reading to the woman.  The inference is that the
it is not a statement about the tourists. It is a statement about the statue.  The inference is that the tourists are having their
they are standing by a statue. Premise is entailment to say the couple standing by a statue are having their picture taken because they are standing
they are in the countryside. The inference is that the young couple are taking pictures of the statue.  The inference is that the young couple are taking pictures
it is not a cafe.  Premise is three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes. It is contradiction to say three people sit in a cafe because it is not a cafe.  Premise
it is not a statement about the performers. It is a statement about the stage floor.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference engine that is trained on the following sentence:  The
it is entailment to say three performers wear costumes. Premise is three performers wear lace costumes because it is entailment to say three performers wear costumes. Premise is three performers wear lace costumes because it is entailment to
it is entailment to say a human is riding a bicycle. Premise is a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle. It is entailment to say a human is riding a vehicle because it is entail
it is not a statement about the girl's gender. It is a statement about the bicycle.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a little
she is not riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the little girl is riding her bicycle.  The inference is that the little girl is driving a car.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the activity.  Now, let's say we want to say that the three people are enjoying the great outdoors because they are having a picnic. We can say that the picnic is a
it is not necessary to say who is standing. It is necessary to say who is standing because it is necessary to say who is standing. It is necessary to say who is standing because it is necessary to say who is standing. It is necessary to say who is standing because
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is three people are outside. It is entailment to say three people in nature because it is a natural language inference.  Premise is three people are outside. It is entailment to say three people
it is neutral to say a group of people walk down the street.  Now, let's say we want to say that the group of soldiers patrol the street. We can say that the group of soldiers patrol the street because they are
they are not watching a movie.  The inference is that the group of people are watching a movie.  The inference is that the group of people are watching a movie.  The inference is that the group of people are
it is entailment to say a group of people walk down the street. Premise is uniformed group walks down a street. It is entailment to say a group of people walk down the street because it is entailment to
they are both wearing clothes. It is entailment to say two people are outside walking together because they are both wearing
it is not a statement about the girls themselves. It is a statement about the environment they are in.
he has none.  The inference is that the girl with the blue shirt and jeans is the girl
they are playing in a fountain.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is a natural language inference. It's a sentence that is a natural language inference. It's a sentence that
they are playing in a fountain.  The inference is that kids are taking a bath because they are playing in a fountain.  The inference is that kids are taking a bath because they are playing in a fountain.
they are playing in a fountain.  Premise is two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza. It is entailment to say kids are are standing in a fountain because they are playing
he opens his mouth. Premise is a man in a black hat opens his mouth. It is entailment to say a person separates his upper and lower jaw because he opens his mouth. Premise is a man in
he is a man in a black hat. The governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes because he is a man in a black hat is a neutral statement. The governor prepared to deliver the
he is not a man in black hat.  The inference is that the man in black hat is not a man in black hat.  The inference is that the man in black hat is not a man in
the doll is holding the bottle. Premise is a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other. It is entailment
it is holding a stitch doll. Premise is a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other. It is neutral to
the doll is holding a bottle. Premise is false.  Premise is false because the doll is holding a bottle. Premise is false because the doll is holding a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the view.  Premise is a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below. It is neutral to say man parach
man jumps off cliff. Premise is entailment to say man jumps off cliff near city because man jumps off cliff. Premise is entailment to say man jumps off cliff near city because man jumps off cliff. Prem
he jumps off a cliff.  The inference is that man jumps off a cliff.  The inference is that man walks down a hill.  The inference is that man jumps off a cliff.  The inference
they are not.  The inference is that the woman who cooks is the one who is clinically mute.  The inference is
she cooks a meal in a wok. Premise is entailment to say a young woman cooks a meal in a wok
it is not a statement about the chef's gender. It is neutral to say a young chef teaches her sister how
they are not hanging out with mr. rogers.  The inference is that they are hanging out with mr. t.  The
they are women. Premise is two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background. It is entailment to say
they are in a kitchen. Premise is two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background. It is entailment to say
he is wearing shorts.  The inference is that the man is wearing shorts because he is walking his dog.  The inference is that the man is wearing shorts because he is walking his dog.  The inference is
he is wearing blue jean shorts.  Premise is the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling. It is entailment to say a man is grilling because he is wearing blue jean shorts.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the food. The inference is that the man is grilling hot dogs and hamburgers.  Premise is the man wearing blue
they are entering the home to fix the roof. The inference is that the men are contractors because they are entering the home during the snow.  The inference is that the men are contractors because they are entering the home during the snow.
it is entailment to say there is a brick home. Premise is two men entering a brick home during the snow. It is entailment to say there is snow outside because it is entailment to say there is a brick home.
it's snowing outside.  The inference is that the men entered the home during the snow because it's bright outside.  The inference is that the men entered the home during the snow because
it is a contradiction to say nobody is poking.  The inference is that the male is poking the tree with a pole.  The inference is that the male is poking the tree with a pole.  The inference is
it is a human poking. Premise is a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole. It is entailment to say a human poking because it is a human poking. Premise is a male with sunglasses is
it is not gender specific. But if you say a tall human poking a tree, it is gender specific. So we have to infer that the person poking is male.  So we have to infer that the person poking is
they are on an i beam.  Premise is two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame. It is entailment to say the men are working on something because they are on
they are both construction workers. It is also neutral to say they are not brothers because they are not both construction workers.  The inference is that they are brothers because they are both construction workers.  The inference
they are not in a bed.  The inference is that the men are sleeping in a bed.  The inference is that the men are sleeping in a bed.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say two females are walking down the sidewalk.  Premise is two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk. It is entailment to say two females are holding sacks because it is entailment to say two females
it is not gendered. It is gendered to say two men are enjoying an afternoon of shopping because it is gendered.  Now, let's say we have a third person walking down the sidewalk. We can infer
they are not holding bags.  The inference is that the girls are holding bags because they are applying makeup.  The inference is that the girls are applying makeup because they are holding bags.  The inference is that the girls are
she is airborne.  Premise is the young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake. It is contradiction to say a girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. The inference is that she is falling into the lake.  The inference is that she is airborne because she is falling into the lake
they are sitting down. It is entailment to say two women are sitting down because they are sitting down with their hands together. It is entailment to say two women are sitting down because they are sitting down with their hands together
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the act of praying.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the women are praying to Allah. We
they are sisters. It is not neutral to say two women are hugging because they are sisters.  The inference is that the women are sisters.  The inference is that the women are sisters because
they are not hikers.  The inference is that hikers are not mid-day tea party in miniature house.  The inference is that hikers are not mid-day tea party in miniature house.
it is entailment to say hikers walk along rough terrain. Premise is hikers walk along some tough terrain. It is entailment to say hiking pace along rough terrain because it is entailment to say hikers walk along rough terrain. Premise is hikers
it is neutral to say hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall.  Premise is hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall
it is a restaurant. It is entailment to say people are sitting in a restaurant because it is a mexican restaurant because it is an ethnic establishment. It is entailment to say people are sitting in an ethnic
they are sitting in a mexican restaurant.  The inference is that people are ready to order chinese food because they are sitting in a mexican restaurant.  The inference is that people are
it is a natural language inference.  The same thing happens with natural language inference. It is a natural language inference. It is a natural language inference. It is a natural language inference. It is a natural
he is obese and white.  The inference is that he is sleeping in front of the fountain because he is obese and white.
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the man is talking to his girlfriend
he is sitting in front of a fountain.  Premise is an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front
it is awake.  The inference is that the older man is kneeling and talking to the children because he is their coach.  The inference is that the older man is kneeling and talking
he is a coach. But it is not neutral to say he teaches his kids because he is a man.  The inference is that the older man is a coach because he is a man
he is kneeling. Premise is entailment to say a man is kneeling because he talks to kids. Premise is entailment to say a man talks to kids because he is older.
she is not wearing a pillow.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping on a pillow.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping on a pillow.
she is looking at a dog. It is not neutral to say the woman is looking at a dog because she is looking at a dog.  The same thing applies to natural language
she is looking at something to her right. Premise is entailment to entailment.  Premise is entailment to entailment. Premise is entailment
he is tall. The inference is that the rugby player is tall because he swings his leg back to punt the ball.  Premise is a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball. It is neutral to say
he swings his leg back to punt the ball. Premise is entailment to say the person is playing rugby because he swings his leg back to punt the ball. Premise is entailment to say the person is playing rugby
there is no person sitting on the bed.  Premise is a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball. It is contradiction to say there is a person sitting on the bed because there is no
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the horse.  The inference is that the woman is the owner of the
they are both outside. Premise is entailment to say a woman is walking a horse across a street because she is walking a horse across a street. Premise is entailment to say a woman is
the woman in striped shirt is walking a horse across a street. Premise is a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street. Premise is a woman
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the flowers.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the girl is watering the flowers. We can do this
she is wearing a black skirt and blue dress.  The inference is that the girl is wearing a black skirt and blue dress because she is watering flowers.  The inference is that the girl is
she is watering the flowers.  The inference is that the girl is watering the flowers.  The inference is that the girl is watering the flowers.  The inference is that the girl is watering
some people have gone to the woods for training. It is not neutral to say some people have gone to the woods for training because some people have gone to the woods for training.  Prem
they are smiling. Premise is entailment to say kid are allowed to attempt the assault course because they are smiling. Premise is entailment to say kid are allowed to attempt the assault course
she is not smiling.  The inference is that the boy is smiling because he is happy to cross the rope. The inference is that the girl is smiling because she is happy to try
it is neutral. But it is not neutral to say people enjoying the festivities in cancun because it is not neutral.  The same applies to the word "happy". It is neutral to say happy people drink shots
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily.  Premise is people wearing sombreros drink shots happily. It is entailment to say fiesta time because people wearing sombreros drink shots happily. Premise is people
they are sad.  The inference is that people wearing sombreros drink shots happily.  The inference is that people wearing sombreros drink shots happily.  The inference is that people wearing somb
she threw the bowling ball. Premise is entailment to say a woman is bowling because she has a blue shirt and colorful hair. Premise is entailment to say a woman is bowling because she has a
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her location.  Now, let's say we want to infer that she is a woman. We can use the same technique
she is not wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the woman is not sleeping because she is wearing a blue shirt.  The inference is that the woman is not sleeping because she is wearing a
they are wearing identical shirts.  The inference is that the two men are sitting on the side of the road because they are wearing identical shirts.  The inference is that the two men are
it is not a statement about the nature of the work being done.  Now, let's say we have a picture of two men working on a classic car hood. We can infer that they are working on
they are wearing identical shirts.  Premise is two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood. It is entailment to say two people are looking at a car because they are wearing identical
it is entailment to say a woman sits on a rug next to a boy who
the boy is looking at the board.  The inference is that the boy is playing check
she is not in the room.  The inference is that the woman is in the room.
they are standing up.  Premise is a group of men, women and children are standing around. It is contradiction to say a group of people are laying down because they are standing up.  Premise
it is a premise that is true.  Premise is a group of men, women and children are standing around. It is entailment to say a large group of people are standing around because it is
it is entailment to say a group of people are standing around. It is entailment to say a group of people are standing around because it is entailment to say a group of people are standing around. It
the woman in the purple jacket is the only woman in the cafe.  The inference is that the woman in the purple jacket is the only woman in the cafe.  The inference is that the woman
she is wearing a purple jacket. Premise is entailment to say a woman walking outdoors because she is wearing a purple jacket because she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman walking outdoors because
it is not a statement about the woman. It is neutral to say two elderly men cat calling at a woman because it is not a statement about the woman. It is neutral to say two elderly men
it is not a statement about the woman or her child. It is a statement about the child and the mother.  Premise is a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child
the woman is wearing a blue jacket. Premise is entailment to say there is a child on a sled because the woman is dragging a child on a sled through the snow. Premise is
it is contradictory to say she has two heads and three legs.  The inference is that the woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads.  The
it is neutral.  Now, let's say
he is not looking at the camera.  The inference is that the man is taking photos of his cat.  The inference is that
he is looking at the camera. Premise is entailment to say a man is looking at the camera because he has piercings, tattoos and
it is entailment to say there is concrete. It is entailment to say there is concrete because it is entailment to say there is a truck. It is entailment to say there is a truck because it is entailment to say there is
they are pouring concrete onto a truck. It is not neutral to say they are friends because they are pouring concrete onto a truck.  Premise is two men pouring concrete onto another truck. It is neutral to say they are friends because they are pouring concrete
they are pouring concrete onto another truck.  Premise is two men pouring concrete onto another truck. It is contradiction to say the men are eating lunch because they are pouring concrete onto another truck.  Premise is two men pouring concrete onto
it is neutral to say a man hits a baseball. It is neutral to say a batter hits a baseball because it is neutral to say a batter hits a baseball. It is neutral to say a batter hits a baseball because it is neutral
it is not a conclusion. It is a conclusion to say a batter hits a home run.  The inference is that the batter hit a home run. The inference is not that the batter hit a home run.  The inference
the batter hits the ball.  Premise is batter hits a baseball. It is contradiction to say an umpire signals that the runner sliding into home plate is 'out' because the batter hits the ball.
the dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.  The inference is that the dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth.  The inference is that the dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth
it is swimming with it.  Premise is a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth. It is entailment to say a black dog found
he has a ball in his mouth. Premise is a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth. It is entailment to say the black dog is swimming because he has a ball in his mouth. Premise
she is fighting for her country.  The inference is that the girl is fighting for her country.  The inference is that the girl is fighting for her country
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the boy is being forced to do this
he is taking flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans. Premise is entailment to say a young boy is honoring fallen
it is a contradiction to say a horse jumps over a fence.  The inference is that the horse jumps over the fence.  The inference is
she is suspended from long, red ribbons of fabric. Premise is entailment to say an acrobat is suspended from long, red rib
it is a neutral statement. The inference is that the acrobat is a female because the inference is that the acrobat is a female. The inference is that
they are not a rock band.  Premise is a musical group performs on stage with their instruments. It is contradiction to say a rock band performs on the beach because they are not a rock band.  Premise
it is entailment to say a group performs with instruments.  Premise is a musical group performs on stage with their instruments. It is entailment to say a group performs with instruments because it is entailment to say a group
it is a fact. The jazz band performs because it is a fact. The jazz band performs because it is a fact. The jazz band performs because it is a fact. The jazz band performs because it is a fact. The jazz band performs
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. Premise is two samoyads play in the snow. It is neutral to say it is snowy outside because it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. Premise
they are playing in the snow. It is also neutral to say they are wrestling because they are playing in the snow.  Now, let's say that the samoyads are wrestling because they are playing in the snow. This is
they are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the samoyads are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the samoyads are eating their dinner because they are playing in the snow.
he is sucking his thumb. Premise is entailment to say the boy has his face painted because he is sucking his thumb. Premise is entailment to say the boy has his face painted because he is sucking his thumb
he lost his pacifier. It is not neutral to say the boy lost his pacifier because he lost his pacifier.  Premise is a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb. It is neutral to say
he is a boy. Premise is a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb. It is contradiction to say the boy is not sucking his thumb because he is a boy. Premise is a young face-painted
he is wearing an orange jacket. Premise is a boy is sitting on a log because he is wearing an orange jacket. Premise is a boy is sitting on a log because he is wearing
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's state of mind.  The inference is that the boy is thinking outside because he is wearing an orange jacket. The inference
they are smiling. The inference is that they are sisters because they are smiling.  The inference is based on the premise that the two girls are smiling. The inference is based on the premise that the two girls are smiling
it is not possible.  The inference is that the girls are wearing sunglasses because they are lying on the grass.  The inference is that the girls are lying on the grass because they are wearing sunglasses.
they are lying on the grass. Premise is two girls are lying on the grass. It is entailment to say two girls are lying on the grass because they are smiling. Premise is two girls are smiling.
it is a toy. The inference is the children have a ball.  The inference is not that the children have a ball because they are playing in the street. The inference is that the children have a ball because they are playing in
they are near some cars. It is neutral to say the children are near some cars because they are near some cars. It is neutral to say the children are near some cars because they are near some cars. It is neutral to say
they are playing in the street.  The inference is that children are playing in the street.  The inference is that children are playing in the street.  The inference is that children are playing in the street.  The
it is a musical instrument. It is entailment to say a man is holding a guitar because it is a guitar. It is entailment to say a man is holding a guitar because it is a silver
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the song.  The inference is that the man is about to perform a song because he is wearing traditional costume and holding a
it is not a traditional costume.  The inference is that the woman is a prostitute.  The inference is that the woman is a prostitute because she is sitting on the floor near a
he is learning. Premise is a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning. It is entailment to say the boy is sitting because he is learning. Premise is a little boy is sitting
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The hypothesis is that the boy is 2 years old. The hypothesis is that the boy is sitting on the giraffe bouncy. The hypothesis is that the boy
he is sitting on the giraffe bouncy. The inference is that the boy is sitting on the giraffe bouncy.  The inference is based on the premise that the boy is sitting on the giraffe bouncy
a person is surfing a big wave.  The inference is that a person is surfing a big wave.  The inference is that a person is sitting in a chair.  The inference is that a person is surfing a big
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the wave. The wave is a natural phenomenon. It is not a person. It is not a wave. It is a natural phenomenon.  Now,
he is riding a wave. It is entailment to say a person is riding a wave because he is surfing. It is entailment to say a person is surfing because he is riding a wave. It is entailment to say a person is riding
they are wearing green shirts. Premise is entailment to say two boys are wearing green shirts because they are surrounded by toys. Premise is entailment
they are both boys.  Premise is a boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue
he has never missed a catch. It is also neutral to say that player has never missed a catch because he has never missed a catch. It is also neutral to say that player has never missed
he is a baseball player for the cleveland indians. Premise is entailment to say the male baseball player belongs to the cleveland indians because he is a
it is not a statement about the soldier. It is a statement about the desert.  Premise is a soldier using binoculars in a desert. It is neutral to say a soldier using
it is entailment to say a soldier using binoculars in the desert. Premise is entailment to say a soldier using binoculars in the desert because it is entailment to say a soldier using
a soldier standing outside of a palace is not a soldier.  Premise is a soldier using binoculars in a desert. It is contradiction to say a soldier standing outside of a palace because a soldier standing outside of a
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a dog is about to be attacked by a gator. Premise is a woman and two children walk along stones
it is swimming.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping because it is swimming.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping because it is swimming.  The inference is that the
they are walking along stones. Premise is a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims. It is entailment to say people are crossing a river because
it is not summertime.  Premise is a beach boardwalk during summertime. It is contradiction to say a path covered by snow because it is not summertime. Conclusion is a path covered by snow during summertime.  Prem
it is entailment to say a beach boardwalk during summertime. Premise is entailment to say a beach boardwalk during summertime because it is entailment to say a beach boardwalk during summertime. Prem
it is a beach. Premise is a beach because it is a boardwalk during summertime. Premise is a boardwalk during summertime because it is a beach. Premise is a beach because it is a wooden path towards the
he was wearing a leather jacket.  The inference is that the singer did not show up because he was wearing a leather jacket.  The inference is that the singer did not show up because he was
he is wearing a leather jacket.  Premise is a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him. It is entailment to say a singer wearing a j
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  Premise is a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him. It is neutral to say a singer is
there are people walking down the street.  Premise is a busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime. It is contradiction to say nobody is lined up because there are
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the building.  The next sentence is a statement about the people. It is a statement about the people walking down the street.
he cycles on road. Premise is entailment to say a man enjoys his bike because he enjoys cycling. Premise is entailment to say a man enjoys cycling because he enjoys cycling. Premise is entailment to say a man enjoys cycling
it is not a fact. It is a statement of opinion.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man is enjoying his favorite route." This sentence is a fact. It is a statement of fact. It
he is enjoying cycling.  The inference is that the man is enjoying cycling.  The inference is that the man is enjoying cycling.  The inference is that the man is enjoying cycling.  The inference is that the
it is not known whether the chef is a man or a woman.  The inference is that the chef is a
the person is wearing a mask. Premise is entailment to say a person in appropriate institution protection works with meals because the person is wearing
it is not a statement about the man's identity.  Now, let's
it is an animal. Premise is entailment to say an animal is biting a man because it is biting a man. Premise is entailment to say an animal is biting a man because it is biting a man. Premise is
it is not a dog. It is neutral to say a dog bit its owner because it is not a man. It is neutral to say a dog bit its owner because it is not a man's rear. It is neutral to say a dog bit
it is a dog.  Premise is a dog biting a man's rear. It is contradiction to say a cat attacks a man because it is a dog.  Premise is a dog biting a man's rear. It is contradiction
he is wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots. Premise is entailment to say a man is near a building labeled lottery ticket
he is wearing a green jacket and boots.  Now let's say the man is wearing a green jacket and boots and is carrying a bag of groceries. It is
the man in the green jacket is wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots.  The inference is that the man
a dog cannot climb a tree.  Premise is a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves. It is contradiction to say a cat running up a tree because a
he has a ball in his mouth is running down a road because he has a ball in his mouth. Premise is entailment to say a dog running down a road because he has a ball in
it is entailment to say a dog running down a leaf covered road is a dog.  Premise is a dog with a ball in his mouth
it is entailment to say a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of a building. It is entailment to say
a couple walks in front of a boat.  Premise is a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian
it is not a statement about the couple. It is neutral to say a couple walks in front of a sleeping baby because it
he is wearing shorts and flip-flops.  Premise is a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back. It is entailment
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the bag.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man is
he is carrying a bag on his back.  Premise is a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back. It is contradiction to say
it is entailment to say boys in a canoe.  Premise is two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in. It is entailment to say two
the larger boat is in front of them.  The inference is that the boys are in the canoe.  The inference is that the boys are in the canoe because the larger boat is in
it is not a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the storm.  The inference is that the boys are trying to escape the storm.  The inference is that the
it is on a lake. Premise is entailment to say a bird is on a lake because it is a swan. Premise is entailment to say a bird is on a lake because it is a swan because it is
it is flying towards a lake.  Premise is a swan landing in a lake. It is contradiction to say a swan is flying away from a lake because it is flying towards a lake.  Premise
it is neutral to say a bird is looking for food on a lake. It is neutral to say a swan is looking for food on a lake because it is neutral to say a bird is looking for food on a lake.
she is holding a camera.  Premise is the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand. It is entailment to say the person has a coat on because she is holding a
she is holding a camera.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping because she is holding a camera.  The inference is that the woman is sleeping because she is holding a camera.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the woman's intentions. The inference is that the woman is trying to get a picture of her friend because she is holding a camera in her hand.
it is a natural object. The log is for firewood because it is
the man in the blue shirt is blurry.  The inference is
the log is felled in a snowy area.
they are walking together.  Premise is a group of students are walking through the campus. It is entailment to say a group of people are walking together because they are walking together.  Premise is a
they are not walking.  The inference is that the students are walking.  The inference is that the students are not sitting at home.  The inference is that the students are walking.  The inference is
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact.  The next step is to say there are students walking through the campus. This is a fact. It is a statement of fact.  The next step
it is not a statement about the man in the red delivery truck. It is a statement about the person in the black coat.  Now, let
it is a contradiction to say a woman is talking to someone is a man.  The inference is that the man in the red delivery truck is talking to
the man in the red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.  Premise is a man in a red delivery truck is talking to
they are wearing orange suits. Premise is three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night. It is entailment to say the men are repairing the streets because they are wearing orange suits. Premise is three
it is entailment to say orange suits are doing repairs. It is entailment to say orange suits are doing repairs because it is entailment to say men are doing repairs. It is entailment to say men are doing repairs
they are doing street repairs at night.  The inference is that the three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night because they escaped from prison.  The inference is that the three men in orange
she is a girl.  Premise is a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side. It is contradiction to say a little girl lays on a hospital bed because she
he is lying on a hospital bed. Premise is entailment to say a kid is lying on a hospital bed because he is lying on a hospital bed. Premise is entailment to say a kid
he fell down the stairs. But it is not neutral to say a kid broke his leg because he was hit by a car. The latter is a stronger statement.  The same logic applies to the statement "
it is not a sport fencing tournament. It is a fencing tournament.  Premise is two people are participating in the sport fencing. It is neutral to say two people competing in a fencing tournament because it is not a sport fencing
it is entailment to say two people holding swords. It is entailment to say two people holding swords because it is entailment to say two people holding swords. It is entailment to say two people holding swords because it is entailment
it is not a sport.  The inference is that the two people are participating in fencing.  The inference is that the two people are participating in fencing.  The inference is that the two people are participating in fencing.
he is on it. It is entailment to say the boy is riding his board because he is on it. It is entailment to say the boy is riding his board because he is on it. It is entailment to
he is not on rollerblades.  Premise is a boy on a skateboard in midair. It is contradiction to say the boy is doing a jump on rollerblades because he is not on
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the skateboard. The boy is doing a trick because he is on a skateboard. The boy is on a skateboard because he is a boy. The boy
he is biking down a tunnel.  The inference is that the man is biking down a tunnel because he is playing video games.  The inference is that the man is biking down a tunnel because he is playing video games.  The
he is biking down a tunnel. Premise is entailment to say a person is on a bike because he is biking down a tunnel. Premise is entailment to say a person is on a bike because he is biking down a tunnel.
he is biking down a tunnel. It is also neutral to say a man is winning a bike race because he is biking down a tunnel.  Premise is a man biking down a tunnel. Premise is a man biking down a tunnel
they are jumping.  The inference engine will try to infer that they are jumping in the lake. It will try to infer that they are jumping in the lake because they are swimming. It will try to infer that
there is a lake. Premise is entailment to say there is a lake because there is a man and a woman. Premise is entailment to say there is a lake because there is a man and
they are jumping. It is not neutral to say they have been jumping in the lake because they are swimming.  The inference is that they have been swimming because they have been jumping.  The inference is that they have
the boy is standing on the beach. Premise is entailment to say a man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach.  Premise is entail
they are standing on the beach. Premise is entailment to say a man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach. Premise is entailment to
they are shooting guns. Premise is three children are shooting guns in the woods. It is entailment to say three children are in a forested area because they are shooting guns. Premise is three children are shooting guns
they are shooting guns.  The inference is that the children are shooting guns.  The inference is that the children are making a cup of tea together.  The inference is that the children are making a cup
it is not a fact. It is also neutral to say three children are shooting guns in the woods because it is a fact. It is also neutral to say three children are shooting guns in the woods because they are shooting deer. It is
they are hiking up a mountain.  The reason why people are hiking up a mountain is because they are playing video games.  The reason why people are playing video games is because they are hiking up a mountain.
they are carrying something. It is also neutral to say the hikers have backpacks because they are carrying something heavy. It is also neutral to say the hikers have backpacks because they are carrying something valuable. It is also neutral to say
there is no greenery. It is entailment to say the mountain is bare because there is no vegetation. It is entailment to say the mountain is bare because there is no vegetation because there is no greenery. It is entail
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her action.  The same is true for the sentence "The man is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky
she is outside. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise is true. Premise is false. Premise
they are crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky. Premise is an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky. Premise is entailment to say a person is outside
it is not a statement about the content of the discussion.  Premise is a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion. It is neutral
it is not clear whether they are negotiating a threesome or a business deal.  The inference is that the woman is negotiating a threesome.  The inference
they are dressed professionally.  Premise is a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion. It is entailment to say a woman and two men
he is blowing out his birthday cake.  The inference is that the man is blowing out his birthday cake because he is bending down to look at the
he is wearing an argyle shirt.  Premise is a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass
he is looking at the goodies. Premise is entailment to say the adult is shopping for a gift because he is looking at the goodies. Premise
they buy produce at a market. Premise is people buy produce at an open air market. It is entailment to say people buy produce at a market because they buy produce at a market. Premise is people buy produce
people are buying fruits and vegetables at an open air market.  Premise is people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market. It is contradiction to say people are dancing to music in a club because people are
they are buying fruits and vegetables.  The inference is that people are shopping for many things at the market because they are buying fruits and vegetables.  The inference is that people are shopping for many things
they are working.  The inference is that the workers are standing on the ground.  The inference is that the workers are standing on the ground.  The inference is
they are working in front of the house.  Premise is two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in
they are working in front of the house.  Now, let's say the workers are standing on the ground because they are working in front of the house.
he is a poet or he is looking for a job because he is a poet. The inference is that he is looking for a job because he is a poet.  The
he is sitting down.  The inference is that the man is sitting down. The inference is that the man is standing by the table because he is sitting down.
he is wearing khakis. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing khakis because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing kh
they have bags.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The
they are not walking.  The inference engine is able to infer that people are riding a bus because they are not walking.  The inference engine is able to infer that people are riding a bus because they
they have bags. It is also neutral to say homeless people are walking outside because they are homeless. It is also neutral to say homeless people are walking outside because they are walking. It is also neutral to say homeless
it is not known whether he is visiting the monument or not. The
he is balding and heavyset.  The inference is that the
the dog is resting beside the man. Premise is entailment to say there are both people and animals in this
he is walking towards the market stall. The inference is that he wants to purchase produce.  The inference is based on the premise that the man is walking towards the market stall. The inference is not based
he is wearing a red shirt. Premise is a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall. It is entailment to say the man is walking in a direction because he is wearing
he is walking towards the stall.  The inference is that the man is walking towards the stall.  The inference is that the man is walking towards the stall.  The inference is that the
indy car is a race car.  The inference is that the car is indy car because it is white, blue, and has a red mark on the
the premise is indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.  The inference
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. It is a hypothesis that is not true. It is a hypothesis that is not true
it is neutral to say a family is at the mall. But it is not neutral to say a family is at the mall because it is not neutral to say a family is at the mall.
she is not a driver.  Premise is a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl. It is contradiction to say a woman is driving
she is carrying a child. Premise is a woman is with a couple of children because she is carrying a child. Premise is a woman is with a couple of children because
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the sky.  Premise is a young blond child
it is not a bed.  The child is not sleeping on a couch because it is not a bed.  The child is not sleeping on
it is entailment to say a child looks at the sky. Premise is entailment to say a child looks at the sky outside because it is entail
she is cooking food. Premise is she is cooking food while wearing a dress. It is entailment to say a woman in a dress cooks food because she is cooking food. Premise is she is cooking food while wearing a
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the steak.  Now, if you want to say she is cooking a steak, you can say she is cooking a steak. But if you want to
she is cooking food.  The inference is that she is cooking food while wearing a dress.  The inference is that she is cooking food while wearing a dress.  The inference is that she is cooking food
dogs are not sleeping in a house.  The inference is that dogs are sleeping in a house.  The inference is that dogs are sleeping in a house.  The inference is that dogs are sleeping in a house.
some animals are outside. It is entailment to say some dogs are outside because some dogs are outside. It is entailment to say some dogs are outside because some dogs are outside. It is entailment to say some dogs are outside because some
it is not a statement about the dogs. It is a statement about the grass.  Now, let's say we want to say that some dogs are playing in grass. We can say that some dogs are playing in grass because it
it is a neutral statement. But it is not neutral to say a choir is preparing to sing for a wedding because it is a statement about the choir.  Premise is a choir practicing in a church. It is neutral to
they are practicing. Premise is a choir practicing in a church. It is entailment to say a group of singers sings because they are practicing. Premise is a choir practicing in a church. It is entailment to say a group of singers
they are practicing in a church.  The second premise is that the choir is practicing in a church.  The third premise is that the choir is practicing in a church.  The fourth premise is that the choir is practicing
she is tired.  The inference is natural because it is based on the premise. The inference is also natural because it is based on the entailment. The inference is also natural because it is based on the premise
she's tired.  The inference is that the woman is tired because she's smiling.  The inference is that the woman is tired because she's smiling.  The inference is that
she is tired. It is also neutral to say the men had a long day because they are smiling.  Now let's say the woman is tired because she is pregnant. It is neutral to say the men
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the motorcycle.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The boy is wearing a helmet."
it is entailment to say a young boy is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle. Premise is entailment to say a young boy wears a helmet while sitting on
he is wearing a helmet.  The inference is that the boy is wearing a helmet because he is watering plants.  The inference is that the boy is wearing a helmet because he is
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the snow man.  Now, we can infer that the children are building a snow man because they are playing in the snow. We can infer
they are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the children are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the children are playing in the snow.  The inference is that the
it is cold outside. It is neutral to say kids are enjoying the snow because it is snowing outside. It is neutral to say kids are enjoying the snow because they are playing in the snow. It is neutral to
it is not a statement about the man. The statement is about the headphones.  The inference is that the man is biking because he is wearing headphones. The inference is not that the man is wearing headphones
he is wearing a yellow shirt and helmet. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a yellow shirt and helmet because he is biking down a path. Premise is entailment to say
she is wearing a pink shirt and pink shoes.  Premise is a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path. It is contradiction to say a woman is jogging
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the road.  Premise is a man is throwing something into the road. It is neutral to say a man throws salt on a snowy road because it
he is throwing something into the road. It is entailment to say a man is near the road because he is throwing something into the road. It is entailment to say a man is near the road because he is throwing something into
he is throwing something into the road.  Premise is a man is throwing something into the road. It is contradiction to say a man paints a house because he is throwing something into the road.  Premise is a man is
they are helping him onto a red stretcher.  The inference is that the skier is being helped
he is being helped onto a stretcher. Premise is a skier being helped onto a stretcher by three men, while two other
the skier is helped onto a red stretcher by three men. Premise is entailment to say two men help a skier because the skier
it is true. It is false to say happy children play on scaffolding because it is false.  Premise is young children play on scaffolding. It is neutral to say happy children play on scaffolding because it is true. It is
young men are not young children.  Premise is young men play on scaffolding. It is contradiction to say young men play on scaffolding because young men are not young children.  Premise is young men play on scaffolding.
young people play on scaffolding. Premise is young children play on scaffolding. It is entailment to say young people play on scaffolding because young people play on scaffolding. Premise is young children play on scaffolding. It is
she is sitting on the beach examining an octopus.  The inference engine will take the premise and the conclusion and will try to find a contradiction. If it finds a contradiction, it will say that the premise is
she is a fisherman. It is also neutral to say she has been fishing in the ocean because she is a fisherman's wife. The inference is that she is a fisherman's wife because she is a fisherman's
there is a woman sitting on the beach. Premise is a woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus. It is entailment to say there is a woman outside because there is a woman sitting on the beach
the boys are wearing shorts and sandals. Premise is two boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt
it is a body of water. It is neutral to say the boys are throwing pebbles because they are boys. It is neutral to say the body of water is
they are wearing shorts and sandals.  Premise is two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into
it is entailment to say two men working on the roof of an apartment building because it is entailment to say two men working on the roof of an apartment building because
they are working on the roof of an apartment building.  The inference is that the two men are working on the roof of an apartment building.  The inference
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the scene.  Now let's say we have a sentence like this:
he is climbing the rope.  Premise is a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope. It is contradiction to say the man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs because
he is trying his hardest. Premise is entailment to say a man is trying his hardest because he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man is trying his hardest because he is trying his hardest.
it is not saying anything about the man.  Now, let's say the man is climbing a rope to get to the top because he wants to get to the top. This is a positive statement about
the woman is wearing a red bandanna and the man is wearing a red bandanna.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a red bandanna and the man is
she is wearing a red hat and red bandanna. It is also neutral to say the man is a dirty hippie because he is wearing a red bandanna.  Prem
they are wearing bandanas. Premise is a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna. It is entailment to say the
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the snake.  The inference is that the girl is sitting
she is wearing a flora shirt.  Premise is a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of
it is entailment to say a girl is wearing a flora shirt. Premise is a girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake
it is a contradiction to say a taxi cab with two women in the backseat talking on their cellphones because it is a
it is not a person. It is a trolley car. The inference is that the trolley car is green and white. The inference is that the
it is a trolley car.  Premise is a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front
she is wearing clothes.  The inference engine is trained on the sentence 'i came in like wreck
she is wearing a red and black jacket. Premise is entailment to say a young woman is
it is a gym. Premise is a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached
she is a girl in a yellow dress.  The inference is that she watches everybody loves raymond because she is a girl in a yellow dress.  The inference is that she watches everybody loves raymond because
she is hungry. It is also neutral to say a girl debates eating at a certain restaurant because she is hungry and wants to eat at a restaurant.  The inference is that the girl debates eating at a certain
it is a girl in a yellow dress. Premise is entailment to say a girl in front of a building because it is a girl in a yellow dress. Premise is entailment to say a girl in
one of them is turned around looking toward the camera.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference system that is trained on a corpus of sentences. It's
one of them is awake.  The inference is that the man is awake.  The inference is that the man is awake because he is looking toward the camera.
they are walking down the street. It is not neutral to say a group of friends are headed to wendys because they are walking down the street.
he is squatting on the ground.  Premise is a man is squatting on the ground. It is contradiction to say a man is in his bed asleep because he is squatting on the ground.  Premise
he is squatting on the ground. Premise is a man is squatting on the ground. It is entailment to say a man is near the ground because he is squatting on the ground. Premise is a man is
he is squatting on the ground. It is not neutral to say a man is searching for something he dropped because he is squatting on the ground and he is searching for something he dropped.  The inference is that the
they are not in the living room.  Premise is a group of people gather around a truck. It is contradiction to say a group of people sit in the living room because they are not in the living room.
it is not a truck. It is neutral to say a group of people gather around a truck because it is not a monster truck. It is neutral to say a group of people gather around a truck because it is not a
it is entailment to say a group are gathered near a vehicle. It is entailment to say a group are gathered near a vehicle because it is entailment to say a group are gathered near a vehicle. It is entailment
she is sitting at an outdoor table.  Premise is a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table. It is entailment to say the lady on the table
she is cutting into a sandwich.  The inference is that the lady is sitting at an outdoor table. The inference is that the lady is cutting into a sandwich. The inference is that the lady is
it is not a statement about the lady. It is a statement about the sandwich.  The lady is cutting into her sandwich is a statement about the sandwich. It is not
she is looking through a telescope.  The inference is that the woman is looking at the statue through the telescope.  The inference is that the woman is looking at the statue through the
she is looking through a telescope. Premise is entailment to say the woman is looking through a telescope because she is looking through a magnification device. Premise is entailment to
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the statue. The statement is true if the statue is in the park. The statement is false if the statue is
they are not sitting on a couch.  The inference is that the player in the black shirt is reaching for the football. The inference is
it is a natural language inference.  Premise is stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the
he is stretching for the ball. It is not neutral to say a wide reciever is trying to make a catch because he is
it is impossible.  The inference is that the men are outside of the restaurant.  The inference is that the men are outside of the restaurant.  The inference is that the men are outside of the restaurant.  The
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the patio. The inference is that the men are sitting on the patio because they are men.  The inference is not that the men are sitting on the patio
they are men. Premise is two men are outside because they are outside. Premise is two men are outside because they are outside. Premise is two men are outside because they are outside. Premise is two men are outside because they are outside
they are grilling meat. Premise is army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on. It is entailment to say some of the people here have been in
there is meat.  The inference is that the army men are eating meat.  The inference is that the army men are eating meat.  The inference is that the army men are eating meat
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say the men here will eat a lot of meat soon because it is a fact. It is also neutral to say the men here will eat a
he is splashing through the ocean. Premise is entailment to say the boy is at the beach because he is splashing through the ocean. Premise is entailment to say the boy is at the beach because he is splashing
he is splashing through the ocean.  The inference is that the boy is in kansas because he is splashing through the ocean.  The inference is that the boy is in kansas because he is splashing through the ocean
he is splashing through the ocean. Premise is entailment to say the boy is swimming because he is splashing through the ocean. Premise is entailment to say the boy is swimming because he is splashing through the ocean. Premise
the dog is awake.  The inference is that the dog is awake because the ears are blown back.  The inference is that the dog is awake because the ears are blown back.  The
the dog's ears are blown back. Premise is a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind. It is entailment to say there is an animal outside because the dog's ears
it is a dog. It is neutral to say a dog is running away from it's owner because it is a dog. It is neutral to say a dog is running towards it's owner because it
she is happy. Premise is entailment to say a happy woman because she is happy. Premise is entailment to say a happy woman because she is happy. Premise is entailment to say a happy woman because she is happy. Premise is entail
she is happy about her husband being home from work. It is not neutral to say a woman is happy that her husband is home from work because she is happy about her husband being home from work.  The first sentence is
he is happy about something.  Premise is a woman happy about something. It is contradiction to say a man is yelling at his wife because he is happy about something.  Premise is a woman happy about something. It is contradiction
it is a natural language inference. Premise is two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor. It
it is impossible to have two women and two sleeping children.  The inference is that there are two women and two children.  The inference is that there
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the children.  The inference is that the women are mothers. The inference is not that the
they are performing on the stage.  Premise is a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage. It is contradiction to say the cheerleaders are sitting in
it is not a statement about the content of the video.  The second premise is that the cheerleaders are performing a dance routine. It is neutral to say they are performing a dance routine because
they are young and in pink and white costumes. Premise is a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage. It is entailment to say cheerleaders are performing because they are
he is singing indoors.  Premise is a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room. It is entailment to say a man is singing indoors
he is singing a song.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the meaning of the sentence. The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the
it is not a statement about the person playing the song. It is a statement about the song.  Premise is a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to
the driver points out landmarks.  Premise is a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks. It is entailment to say a
the driver is pointing out landmarks.  Premise is a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks. It is contradiction to say the couple is driving because the
they are not in a carriage.  The inference is that the couple is sleeping in a carriage.  The inference is that the couple is sleeping in a carriage.  The inference is that
he is taking a picture. But it is not neutral to say a man has a camera in the woods because he is taking a picture of a bear. The first sentence
the crowd is composed of two uniformed women.  The inference is that the crowd is composed of one person.  The inference is
they are both wearing wedding rings. The inference is that they are married.  The inference is that they are married because they are both wearing wedding rings.
they are police officers.  Premise is two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying 'politie' on the back, are looking at each
she is next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing glasses and a brown beanie
it is not a statement about the woman's gender. However, it is a statement about the girl's gender because it is a statement about the girl's
a woman cannot wear glasses and a white beanie.  The inference is that the girl with long brown hair is wearing glasses and a white beanie.
he is dancing.  The inference is that the man is dancing because he is buying groceries.  The inference is that the man is dancing because he is buying groceries.  The inference is that the man is dancing because he
he is dancing. It is also neutral to say the man is having a bad time because he is dancing.  The inference is that the man is having a good time.  The inference is that the man is having
he is in front of a band. It is entailment to say a man is dancing because he is in front of a band because he is dancing. It is entailment to say a man is dancing because he is in front of a
it is not a statement about the travelers themselves. It is a statement about the group.  The same is true for the phrase "a group of friends are travelling to hawaii". It
they are traveling.  Premise is a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform. It is entailment to say a group of people are pulling suitcases because
they are not traveling.  The inference is that the travelers are traveling.  The inference is that the travelers are not traveling.  The inference is that the travelers are traveling.
he is painting. Premise is entailment to say a painter is sketching because he is sketching. Premise is entailment to say a painter is sketching because he
it is not a fact that he has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm. It is a fact that he has a tattoo of a dragon on his
it is a neutral statement. However, it is not neutral to say a painter is doing a mural painting because it is a positive statement.  Premise is a
she is wearing a paper crown. Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is false. Conclusion is true.  Premise is false. Conclusion is false.  Premise is
she is wearing a crown. The inference is that she is at a party because she is wearing a crown.  Premise is a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event. It is neutral to
she is wearing a paper crown. Premise is entailment to say the woman is outdoors because she is wearing a paper crown. Premise is entailment to say the woman is outdoors because she is wearing a paper crown.
he is spinning her in the air.  Premise is a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head. It is entailment to say a man is carrying a
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the girl. The statement is true if the girl is spinning. It is false if she is not spinning.  The inference
a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.  Premise is a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head. It is contradiction to say a man
he is wearing a white uniform.  The inference is that the player is wearing a white uniform.  The inference is that the player
he is wearing a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock.  Premise is as a crowd looks on, a player in
it is not a statement about the player. It is a statement about the game.  The inference is that the player is wearing
he is playing the accordion.  The inference is that the man is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.  The inference is
he is homeless. It is neutral to say a homeless man tries to earn enough money to survive because he is homeless. It is neutral to say a homeless man tries to earn
he is playing the accordion.  Premise is a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by. It is entailment to say a man performs for the public
basketball player is not a football player.  The inference is that the young football player watches a game with his coach.  The inference is that the young football player watches a game with his coach.  The inference
they are watching a game. Premise is entailment to say two people are watching a game because they are watching a game. Premise is entailment to say two people are watching a game because they are watching a game
it is not a dog. It is neutral to say two kids are running after a dog that got away because it is a dog. It is neutral to say two kids are running after a dog that got
they are running. Premise is two boys run to the entryway of an old building. It is entailment to say two young men are in a hurry because they are running. Premise is two boys run
it is not possible for a couple of children to be eating popsicles at a birthday party.  Premise is two boys run to the entryway of an old building. It is contradiction
they are all wearing black dresses. Premise is entailment to say the ladies are all seated because they are all wearing black dresses because they are all sitting around a table.
they are sitting around a table. It is neutral to say the building is a bank because it is in the background. It is neutral to say the ladies are friends because they are sitting
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. Premise is the dogs are playing on the bed. Premise is the dogs are playing on the bed. Premise is the dogs are playing on
cats are not dogs.  The inference is that the dogs are playing on the bed together.  The inference is that the dogs are playing on the bed together.  The inference is that the dogs are playing on the bed
dogs are playing together. Premise is dogs are playing on the bed. It is entailment to say dogs are playing on the bed because dogs are playing together. Premise is dogs are playing on the bed. It is entailment to say dogs
they have food on plates. Premise is kids eat at a table because they have food on plates. Premise is kids eat at a table because they have food on plates. Premise is kids eat at a table because
they are sitting at a table.  The inference is that kids play outside because they are sitting at a table.  The inference is that kids play outside because they are sitting at a table.  The inference is that kids
they have food on several plates. It is entailment to say kids sitting at a table because they have food on several plates. It is entailment to say kids sitting at a table because they have food on several plates.
it is entailment to say a women is observing pictures on a camera.  Premise is a woman is observing pictures on a camera. It is entailment to say a women observing a camera because it is entailment to say a
she is a woman. It is not neutral to say a women purchasing a new camera from the store because she is a woman.  The inference is that she is purchasing a new camera because she is a woman.
it is contradictory to say a women is observing pictures on a camera.  Premise is a woman is observing pictures on a camera. It is contradiction to say a women cradling a baby because it is contradictory to say a
a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.  The inference is that the baseball player sliding into a base is a contradiction.  The inference is that
it is neutral to say a baseball player joyously sliding into a base. However, it is not neutral to say a baseball player joyously sliding into a base because it
a player from the other team tries to catch the ball. Premise is entailment to say a baseball player sliding into a base because a player from the other team tries to
it is not a dog.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping on the porch.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping on the porch.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping
it is entailment to say a dog swims. Premise is entailment to say a dog swims because it is entailment to say a dog swims. Premise is entailment to say a dog swim
it is not a dog. It is neutral to say a white dog swims with their owner because it is not a dog. It is neutral to say a dog swims with their owner because it is not
they are not mothers.  The inference is that the mother is shading her baby with an umbrella.  The inference is that the mother is shading her baby with an
it is not a statement about the mother or her son. It is neutral to say a young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes
she is shading her child. Premise is entailment to say a woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper
the man on the skateboard is on the steps in front of the glass doors. Premise is entailment to say the man on the skateboard is on the steps in front of
he is waiting for a plane. It is also neutral to say the man is waiting for a plane because he is waiting for a plane.  The inference is that the
he is going to fall off. The inference is that the man is going to fall off the skateboard because he is going to bounce off the glass doors.
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the guitar.  Now, we can infer that the man is playing a brown guitar because he is smoking a brown cigarette. We can infer that he is
he is smoking a cigarette.  The inference is that the man is playing the guitar.  The inference is that the man is playing the guitar.  The inference is that the man is playing the guitar.
he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say a man is playing guitar because he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is entailment to say a man is playing guitar because he is smoking a cigarette. Premise is
it is not a statement about the boys. It is a statement about the train set.  Now, let's say the boys are playing with the train set in a room with a
girls are not playing with toy trains.  Premise is two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor. It is contradiction to say two girls are playing with dolls because girls are
the boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor. Premise is two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor. It is entailment to say the floor is
it is a neutral statement. However, it is not neutral to say that the people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant because it is a statement about the individuals.  The inference
they are sitting together.  Premise is a group of individuals are sitting together in a room. It is entailment to say there are several people in this picture, and they are
the people are sitting in a room.  The inference is that the people are sitting in a room because they are driving go-carts around a track at their
the woman in the pink tank top is holding a mug of liquid.  The inference is that the woman in the blue tank top is holding a mug of liquid.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her behavior.  Premise is a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid. It is neutral to say a woman is drinking because it
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman in a pink tank top holding a mug because she is holding a mug. Premise is entailment to say a woman in
104 is not a race car.  The inference is that 104 is a race car because 104 is a race car.  The inference is that 104 is a race car because 104 is
it is a race car. It is not neutral to say people are taking pictures of the indy 500 because it is a race car.  The first sentence is a statement
104 is rounding a bend. Premise is a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures. Premise is a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the wall.  Now let's say we want to say that the girls are hiding behind the wall
they are wearing pink shirts. Premise is girls standing up against a wall because they are wearing pink shirts. Premise is girls standing up against a wall because they are
the girls are standing against a wall.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "Two girls are standing against a wall
his mouth is open. Premise is a dog's mouth is open like he is yawning. It is entailment to say a dog is yawning because his mouth is open. Premise is a dog's mouth is
he is yawning because he is hungry because he is happy because he is bored because he is sick.  The inference is that the dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk
he is yawning.  The inference is that the dog is yawning because he is running.  The inference is that the dog is running because he is yawning.  The inference is that the dog is yawn
a bench is a piece of furniture.  The inference is that the man is not laying a bench but a bench rests on him.  The inference is that the man is not laying a bench but
he is not wearing a shirt.  Premise is a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench. It is entailment to say a man relaxes on a bench
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the seat.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "A man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her book.  Now, let's say we want to say that she is looking at her book because she is a woman. We
it is not a statement about the woman in the gray shirt. It is a statement about the woman in the gray shirt looking at something.  Now, if you want to say that the woman in the gray shirt
the woman in the gray shirt is looking at something.  The inference is that the woman in the gray shirt is looking at the cake.  The inference is that the woman in the gray shirt is looking
it is a dog. It is neutral to say the woman is a woman because she is a woman. It is neutral to say the woman plays in the wind because she plays in the wind. It is neutral to
she is not playing in the wind.  Premise is a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog. It is contradiction to say the crazy cat lady is scooping the litter
it is a woman who plays with her dog. Premise is entailment to say a woman plays with her dog because it is a woman who plays with her dog. Premise is entailment to say a
a girl cannot choke out a boy.  The inference is that the girl helps the boy tie
she has a white shirt on. Premise is entailment to say a girl helps a boy tie his shoes
it is not a gender-specific action.  Premise is a young girl with a white long-s
a man cannot hold a girl on a swing.  The inference is that the man is holding the girl at the top of the slide.  The inference is that the man is holding the girl at the top of
a man holding a girl is a man holding a girl. Premise is entailment to say a man holding a girl is a man holding a girl because a man holding a girl is a man holding a girl. Premise is
he is holding her. It is not neutral to say a man telling the girl not be scared because he is holding her because he is a man.  The first sentence is a statement of
it is neutral to say some kids pass their friends on a street.  The inference is that the girls pass their friends on a street.  The inference is that the girls pass their friends on
some kids don't eat dinner with their families.  The inference is that some kids eat dinner with their families.  The inference is that some kids eat dinner with their families.  The inference
they are kids. It is entailment to say some kids pass other kids on a street because they are passing other kids. It is entailment to say some kids pass other kids on a street because
they are not purchasing food.  The inference engine is a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food. It is contradiction to say a group of people standing around waiting for a bus
it is not specific to any group. However, if we say a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch, it is specific to a group of people in green vests
they are wearing bright green vests.  Premise is a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food. It is entailment to say a group of people buy food because they are wearing bright
it is running. The inference is that the pet is running because it is eating.  The inference is that the pet is running because it is eating.  The inference is that the pet is running because it is eating.
it is running parallel with the ocean waves.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.  The inference engine is a computer program that can infer the conclusion from the premises.
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The inference is that the dog is running towards its owner.  Premise: A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves.  Hypothesis: The dog
they are passing by a city street corner. Premise is entailment to say the people are passing by a city street corner because they are passing by a city street corner. Premise is entailment to say the
the bicyclists are outdoors. The inference is that the people are outdoors.  The inference is based on the premise that the bicyclists are outdoors. The inference is based on the premise that the bicyclists are outdoors. The
there are pedestrians and bicyclists. It is also neutral to say the traffic is busy because there are two bicyclists. It is also neutral to say the traffic is busy because there are two pedestrians. It is also neutral to say
she is standing in high heels.  Premise is a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off. It is contradiction to say a woman is standing in high heels, leaning against
it is not a statement about her gender. It is neutral to say a woman has her shoe off because she is adjusting her sock. It is neutral to say a woman has her shoe off because she is
she is leaning against a wall. Premise is a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off. It is entailment to say a woman is wearing only one shoe because she is leaning against a wall.
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis. The man is typing a paper because he is working with an i-pad. It is a fact.  The inference is that the man is working with an i-pad
he is working with an i-pad.  The inference is that the man has an i-pad because he is working with an i-pad.  The inference is that the man has an i-pad because he is
he is working with an i-pad.  The inference is that the man is working with an i-pad because he is eating lunch.  The inference is that the man is eating lunch because he is working with an i
it is entailment to say a man polishes a floor.  Premise is a man wearing a red shirt
he wears a red shirt.  Premise is a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small
he is wearing a red shirt.  The inference is that the man is polishing the floor because he is wearing a red shirt.  The inference
it is not a statement about the girls. It is a statement about the dance floor.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The girls are dancing happily." This sentence is a statement about the girls
they are not dancing.  Premise is two little girls dancing on the floor. It is contradiction to say two kids playing on the playground because they are not dancing.  Premise is two little girls dancing on the floor. It
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the dance floor.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this: "The kids are dancing on the dance floor." This is a statement about
it is not a statement about her gender. It is a statement about her clothes.  The inference is that the woman in the red shirt is
she is wearing a white shirt.  Premise is a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman
she is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets.  Premise is a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a
he is wearing a plaid shirt. The speaker is wearing a plaid shirt. The speaker is wearing a plaid shirt. The speaker is wearing a plaid shirt. The speaker is wearing a plaid shirt.
the crowd is listening. Premise is a person speaks on the microphone. It is entailment to say a person speaks because the microphone is on. Premise is a person speaks on the microphone. It is entailment
it is a man who gives a speech about the economy. The speaker is not a man, but it is neutral to say a man gives a speech about the economy. The speaker is not a woman, but
the guy with the ball is attempting a layup. Premise is men are playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup. It is entailment to say men are playing basketball because the guy
the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.  The inference is that the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.  The inference is
it is not a statement about the game. It is a statement about the player.  The inference is that the player is attempting a layup because he is
it is raining. Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. It is entailment to say a brown dog is walking outside because it is raining. Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. It is entailment to
it is walking in shallow water. Premise is false. Conclusion is dog is lying on the carpet. Premise is false. Conclusion is dog is walking in shallow water. Premise is false. Conclusion is dog is lying on the carpet
it is large and brown. Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. It is entailment to say an animal is in water because it is walking in shallow water. Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. It is
he is doing laundry. It is entailment to say the man is doing laundry because he is smiling. It is entailment to say the man is smiling because he is old.  Prem
he is doing laundry.  The inference is that the man smiles at the camera because he is doing laundry.  The inference is that the man smiles at the camera because he
he is old and gray. But it is not neutral to say he is a father because he is doing laundry. The inference is that he is a father because he is doing laundry.
she was not at the craftzine table.  The inference is that the blonde lawyer was at the craftzine table.  The inference is that the blonde lawyer was at the craftz
she is red-haired. Premise is red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine. It is entailment to say she answers questions while sitting at a
she was sitting at a table for craftzine.  The inference is that she was answering questions during the interview.  The inference is that she was answering questions during the interview.
it is dangerous. Premise is a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard. It is neutral to say the curb is dangerous because it is dangerous. Premise is a skateboard is grinding on a curb with
it is grinding. Premise is entailment to say the skateboard is grinding because it is grinding. Premise is entailment to say the skateboard is grinding because it is grinding. Premise is entailment to
it is grinding on a curb.  The inference is that the skateboard is grinding on a curb.  The inference is that the skateboard is resting because it is grinding on a curb.  The inference
it is not a statement about the players. It is a statement about the ball.  Premise is the players manuever for the soccer ball. It is neutral to say soccer players play outside because it is not a statement about the
they are trying to get the ball. Premise is entailment to say soccer players are trying to get the ball because they are trying to get the ball. Premise is entailment to say soccer players are trying to
they are bowling.  The inference is that bowlers are eating sandwiches because they are bowlers.  The inference is that bowlers are eating sandwiches because they are bowlers.  The inference is that bowlers are eating
it is not a gender specific term. It is also neutral to say a female has a bee on her finger because it is not a gender specific term.  Now let's say we want to say
the girl is wearing a hat.  The inference is that the girl is petting a cat.  The inference is that the girl is not petting a cat.  The inference
she has an insect on her finger. Premise is entailment to say the girl is in contact with an insect because she has an insect on her finger. Premise is entailment to say the
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the sky.  Premise is a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something. It is neutral to say somebody saw something in
no one saw it. But it is not neutral to say no one saw the rainbow in the sky because no one saw it.  Premise is a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at
there was a girl present. Premise is entailment to say there was a girl present because there was a crowd of people present. Premise is entailment to say there was a crowd of people present because
there are dogs outside. Premise is a group of dogs stand in the snow. It is entailment to say there are animals outdoors because there are dogs outside. Premise is a group of dogs stand in the snow. It is entailment
they are dogs. But it is not neutral to say some animals are forced to stand still in snow because they are animals.  The inference is that the premise is true because it is neutral. But it is not neutral
she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is a cab driver.  The inference is that the woman is a cab driver.  The inference is that the woman is a cab driver.
it is not a gift. It is a gift because it is a gift. It is a gift because it is a gift. It is a
the man is wearing a headscarf and loincloth. It is entailment to say the man is laying and smoothing the asphalt surface because he
he is wearing a headscarf and loincloth.  The inference is that the man is wearing a headscarf and loincloth.
it is true. The inference is that the cyclist is traveling faster than the cars because it is true.  The inference is that the cyclist is traveling faster than the cars because it
the cyclist is riding on a bike path. The inference is that the cyclist is riding on a bike path.  The inference is that the cyclist is riding on a bike path.
he is on a bike path. Premise is a hurried bicyclist moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path. It is entailment to say the bicyclist
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the family.  The inference is that the boy is enjoying
the boy is running towards the water.  The inference is that the boy is running towards the water.  The inference is that the
they are facing each other.  The inference is that the boy is running towards the water.  The inference is that
he is cutting cakes.  The inference is that the guy in the leaf print shirt is wearing a red jacket.  The inference is that the guy
he is wearing a cap. It is not neutral to say the guy is wearing a cap because he is wearing a red jacket.  The same goes for the
he is cutting cakes.  Premise is two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to
he is kicking a soccer ball.  The inference is that the youngster is paddling a canoe.  The inference is that the youngster is paddling a canoe.  The inference is
he is playing soccer.  Premise is a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball. It is contradiction to say a boy
the child is not exercising. The child is kicking a soccer ball. The child is exercising. The child is kicking a soccer ball. The child is exercising. The child is kicking a soccer ball. The
she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is inspecting a garment because she is a woman.  The inference is that the woman is inspecting a garment because she is
she is sitting in a chair at a festival. Premise is entailment to say a woman inspects a garment because she is sitting in a chair at a festival. Premise
it is not necessary to specify the gender of the woman.  The inference is that the woman is inspecting her son's shirt. The inference
he is young. Premise is a man throwing a frisbee because he is young. Premise is a man throwing a frisbee because he is young. Premise is
he is not digging a hole.  Premise is a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal. It is contradiction to say a man digging a hole
it is a tournament. But it is not neutral to say a man playing golf because it is not a tournament.  The inference is that the man playing golf is playing golf. The inference
it is a fact that they are sitting. It is entailment to say they are sitting because they are sitting at a table because it is a fact that they
they are sitting at a table.  The inference is that the word 'demos' is a noun and the word 'business' is
it is not clear whether there are three people or three hundred people.  The inference is that there are three people.  The inference is that
they are not locals. The inference is that the people are tourists because they are not locals.  The inference is that the people are tourists because they are not locals.
they are hungry, thirsty, or playing a game.  Premise is a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks
they are sitting at the table.  The inference is that the people are sitting at the table because they are standing at the cliff.  The inference
he is riding over a vast sandy landscape.  The inference is that the rider is in his garage because he is riding over a vast sandy landscape.  The inference is that the rider is in his garage because he is riding
it is not a statement about the rider. It is a statement about the riders. The rider is following his friends because he is following his friends. The rider is following his friends because he is following his friends. The
the rider is outdoors. Premise is an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape. It is entailment to say the rider is outdoors because the rider is outdoors. Premise is an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape. It
they are wearing costumes. Premise is entailment to say a group of children are on stage because they are wearing costumes because they are on stage. Premise is entailment to say a group of children
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the play.  Premise is a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains. It is neutral to say
they are not on stage.  The inference is that the children are on stage.  The inference is that the children are sitting at desks because they are not on stage.  The inference
he is not a basketball player.  The inference is that the man is shooting a tennis ball at the goal.  The inference is that the man is shooting a tennis ball at
he swings his tennis racquet. Premise is entailment to say a man is playing tennis because he swings his tennis racquet. Premise is entailment to say a man is playing tennis because he
he swings his racquet. It is neutral to say a man is about to hit the winning point in a tennis match because he swings his racquet. It is neutral
elephants are not milling around.  Premise is a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around. It is contradiction to say elephants are
it is a neutral statement.  Now let's say we want to say that humans are outside going to a shopping mall. We can say humans are outside going to a shopping mall because humans are
they are humans. It is entailment to say humans are outside meandering around because they are outside. It is entailment to say humans are outside meandering around because they are outside. It is entail
the baby is smiling and laughing. Premise is smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor. It is
airplane is not a toy.  Premise is a man playing with an airplane. Conclusion is a man playing with an airplane.  Premise is a man playing with
the baby is smiling and laughing.  Premise is a baby in a walker with toys on the floor. It is contradiction to say the baby's diaper is
they are playing soccer.  The inference is that the player in yellow is brazilian because he fell. The inference is not that the player in
they are awake.  The inference is that the player in yellow fell asleep.  The inference is that the player in yellow fell asleep because the player in
they are trying to take possession of the ball.  Premise is two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as
they are looking through the fence. Premise is two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence. It is entailment to say two dogs are in the yard because they are looking through the fence. Premise is two dogs are
dogs are not sleeping by the fireplace.  Premise is two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence. It is contradiction to say two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace because dogs are not sleeping by the fireplace.
they are looking through a fence. Premise is two dogs are looking through a fence. It is entailment to say two dogs are outside because they are looking through a fence. Premise is two dogs are looking through a fence. It
it is entailment to say an elderly male is blowing air into an object. Premise is an elderly male is blowing air into an object. It is entailment to say an elderly male is blowing air
it is not a statement about the object. It is a statement about the elderly man.  Premise is an elderly male is blowing air into an object. It is neutral to say the elderly man was blowing up
he is blowing air into the object.  Premise is an elderly male is blowing air into an object. It is contradiction to say the elderly man gave up blowing air into the object because he is blowing air
he is happy to sell halal meat.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the man
he is working at a street side vendor.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. Find all
he is selling dosas. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a green apron because he is selling dosas. Prem
he is playing basketball.  The inference is that the boy is playing basketball.  The inference is that the boy is playing basketball.  The inference is that the boy is playing basketball.  The inference is that the boy is playing basketball.
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about basketball. Premise is a boy plays basketball. It is neutral to say the boy is going to dunk the ball because it is not a statement about the boy. It is a
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the basketball court.  Premise is a boy plays basketball. It is neutral to say the boy is on a basketball court because it is not a statement about the boy. It
he jumps on the beach. Premise is a boy jumps on the beach. It is entailment to say a boy jumps in the air because he jumps on the beach. Premise is a boy jumps on the beach. It is entailment
he is tired. It is neutral to say a boy jumps on the beach because he is excited about the sand castle he just built. It is neutral to say a boy jumps on the beach because he is excited about the
he jumps on the beach. It is also neutral to say a boy jumps on the beach because he is happy to be so close to the water.  Premise is a boy jumps on the beach. It is neutral
they ran across the woods.  Premise is two dogs run across the woods. It is contradiction to say the dogs laid down on the rug because they ran across the woods.  Premise is two dogs run across the woods.
they are dogs. Premise is two dogs run across the woods. It is entailment to say the canines run around in the forest because they are dogs. Premise is two dogs run across the woods. It is entailment
it is not a fact. It is a fact that the dogs are running after an animal. The inference is that the dogs are running after an animal.  The inference is that the dogs are running after an animal.  The inference
it is raining. But it is not neutral to say the young asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the rain because it is raining.
they are holding an umbrella.  The inference is that the young couple are walking down the street holding an umbrella.  The inference is that the young couple are swimming in the pool because
they are holding an umbrella. Premise is entailment to say the young asian couple are walking together because they are holding an umbrella. Premise is entailment to say the young asian couple
there are men talking. Premise is two men talk outdoors. It is entailment to say there are men talking because there are men outside. Premise is two men talk outdoors. It is entailment to say there are men talking because there are men outside.
they are outside.  The inference is that the men are watching the football game on the sofa.  The inference is that the men are watching the football game on the sofa.  The inference is that the men are watching
they are married. It is also neutral to say the men are talking about their wives because they are talking about their wives.  Premise is two men talk outdoors. It is neutral to say the men are talking about their wives because they are married
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy looking through the window.  Now, suppose we want to infer that the boy is looking at a
he is looking through a glass window. Premise is boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station. It is entailment to say a boy is sitting at a train station because he is looking through
he is sitting looking through the glass window.  Premise is boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station. It is contradiction to say a little boy is walking out of the train because he
it is not a statement about the children. The inference is that the girl is jumping into the air because she is happy.  The inference is that
she is jumping into the air. Premise is entailment to say the girl is jumping into the air because she is wearing a bathing
the premise says there are children present.  The inference is that there are children present.  The inference is that there are children present.
he is wearing a shirt.  Premise is a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt. It is entailment to say the man is printing a shirt because he is wearing a shirt. Premise is a shirt booth
it is a shirt booth. The shirt booth is neutral because it is a booth. The man is neutral because he is printing a shirt. The shirt is neutral because it is a shirt. The black lettering is neutral because
the man is printing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is printing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is printing a shirt.  The inference is that the man is printing a shirt.
she is about to descend the stairs. Premise is entailment to say a young lady is outside the train station because she is about to descend the stairs. Premise is entailment to say a
it is not a fact. It is a fact that she is about to descend the stairs. So, we can infer that she is about to descend the stairs.  Now, let's say that she
she is about to descend the stairs.  The inference engine will take the following steps:  1. The lady is about to descend the stairs. 2. The lady is taking a bus.
it is not a tap. It is also contradiction to say a bartender taps a keg because it is not a tap. It is also contradiction to say a bartender taps a keg because it is not
it is not a statement about the people hiking the trail. It is a statement about the mountain range.  The same is true for natural language inference. It is not a statement about the
it is entailment to say hikers in the mountains because it is entailment to say hikers in the mountains because it is entailment to say hikers in the mountains because it is entailment to say hikers in the
it is a natural language inference. It is not a conclusion. It is a natural language inference.  The child will go down the slide because it is a natural language inference. It is not a conclusion. It is a natural
he is going down it. Premise is child is going down the slide. It is entailment to say the child is at the top of the slide because he is going down it. Premise is child is going
the child is on a slide.  The child is on a slide because the child is on a slide.  The child is on a slide because the child is on a slide.  The child is on a slide because
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the shovel.  The shovel is a tool. It is a tool that can be used for digging. It is
she is sitting on a green background.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a blue coat because she is sitting on a blue background.  The inference is
she is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.  Premise is a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in
she is waiting for someone to show up.  The inference is that the woman is waiting for someone to show up because she is waiting for someone to show up
the football game is over. Premise is a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game. It is entailment to say the crowd cheers because the football game is over. Premise is a crowd is standing and cheering at a football
they are standing and cheering. It is not neutral to say the crowd knows their team will win because they are standing and cheering because they are confident their team will win.  The crowd knows their team will win because they
she is tired. It is also contradiction to say a woman takes a nap because she is tired.  Premise is a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game. It is contradiction to say a woman takes a nap because
she is standing.  The inference is that the woman is standing on the back porch.  The inference is that the woman is standing on the back porch
she is standing with her back to the camera.  The inference is that the white woman is using an atm machine because she is standing with her
she is withdrawing money. It is neutral to say the woman is withdrawing money because she is withdrawing money. It is neutral to say the woman is withdrawing money because she is withdrawing money
it is a dog. Premise is a dog jumping over a beam. It is entailment to say an animal is jumping because it is jumping. Premise is a dog jumping over a beam. It is entailment to say an animal is jumping because
it is outside. It is neutral to say an animal is a dog because it is a dog. It is neutral to say an animal is jumping because it is jumping. It is neutral to say an animal is jumping over a beam because it is jumping over a
it is jumping over a beam. Premise is a dog jumping over a beam. It is contradiction to say an animal is lying down because it is jumping over a beam. Premise is a dog jumping over a beam. It is contradiction to say an
the road worker is holding a stop sign.  Premise is a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic. It is entailment to say traffic is being directed by a road worker because the
it is neutral to say construction is being done on the road. Construction is being done on the road is a statement of fact. Construction is being done on the road is a statement of opinion. Construction is being done on
a shotgun is a weapon.  Premise is a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic. It is contradiction to say a road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic because a shotgun
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of opinion.  The inference is that the children are enjoying
the child in black is eating a sandwich outside.  The inference is that the child in black is eating a sandwich outside.  The inference
they are on their knees.  Premise is one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are
man is a man.  The inference is that man is a man because man is a man.  The inference is that man is a man because man is a man.  The inference
man is standing in front of case.  Premise is a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case. It is entailment to say man
he is standing in front of a display case.  Premise is a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case. It is entailment to say
he is falling off the bull.  The inference is that the man is falling off the bull.  The inference is that the man is falling off the bull.
it is entailment to say a man rides a bull. Premise is in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal. It
he is riding the bull. It is also neutral to say the man is a bull rider because he is riding the bull. It is also neutral to say the man is a bull rider because
it is lying on the street.  The inference is that the dog is lying on the street.  The inference is that the dog is lying on the street. Premise is a dog with a collar on lying
there is a dog lying on the street. Premise is entailment to say there is an animal outdoors because there is a dog lying on the street. Premise is entailment to say there is an animal outdoors because there is
it is a dog. It is also neutral to say the dog was hit by a car and is lying in the street because it is lying on the street.  Now, we can
it is entailment to say a person sits on a couch.  Premise is a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket. It is entailment to say a
it is not a person. It is neutral to say a person sits on a couch because it is not a man. It is neutral to say a man sits on a couch because it is not a green robe.
a person in a suit is not eating dinner.  The inference is that the person in the green robe is eating dinner.  The inference is that the person in the green robe is eating dinner
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the person she is looking at.  Now, suppose we have a sentence like this:  Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise: Premise
she is wearing sunglasses.  Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses. It is contradiction to say a woman is speaking latin because she is wearing sunglasses. Conclusion is that she is speaking latin.  Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses. It
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses because she is wearing a pair of sunglasses. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses because she is wearing a
the man is wearing it. Premise is entailment to say the man is wearing a brown robe because he is playing the guitar.
it is brown.  The inference is that the man wearing the brown robe is the guitarist and the man wearing the gray robe is the
he is playing the guitar. It is also neutral to say the man is a great guitar player because he is playing the guitar
a person sitting on an elephant is talking to a female tourist. Premise is entailment to say a person riding a large animal because a person sitting on an elephant is talking to a female tourist
a camel is a beast of burden.  The inference is that the man sitting on an elephant is talking to a female tourist.  The inference is that the man sitting on an elephant is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the elephant.  The elephant is a male elephant. The man is a male man. The female tourist is
snow pants are yellow. Premise is entailment to say snow pants are yellow because snowboarder is dressed up. Premise is entailment to say snow pants are yellow because
he is dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet.  Premise is a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder. It is contradiction
snowboarding is going on. Premise is a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder. It is entailment to say a
she is wearing a helmet. Therefore, the conclusion is that she is riding a bicycle.  The inference is based on the premise that the conclusion is true. The inference
she has four number 9's printed on her limbs.  Premise is a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the race.  Premise is a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9
she is flipping an omelet.  The inference is that the girl is flipping pancakes because she is cooking pancakes.  The inference is that the girl is cooking pancakes because she is flipping an omelet.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the omelet.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is neutral about the girl. It is neutral
she is flipping an omelet. Premise is little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen. Premise is little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen. Premise is little
there is food on the plate.  The inference engine will try to find a rule that can explain this contradiction. It will try to find a rule that says "if there is food on the plate,
she is sitting at a table. Premise is a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food. It is entailment to say the girl is near food because she is sitting at a table.
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the food.  Now, we can infer that the girl is Chinese because she is sitting at a table in front of a plate
it is not a statement about the boy. It is a statement about the boy's team.  Premise is a boy posing on the soccer field. It is neutral to say the boy is on a soccer team because it is not
he is posing. Premise is entailment to say the boy is posing because he is on the field. Premise is entailment to say the boy is posing because he is on the field. Premise is entailment to say the
the boy is posing on the soccer field. The inference is that the boy is posing on the soccer field.  Premise is a boy posing on the soccer field. It is contradiction to say the boy is on a baseball field because
he painted a sign onto it. It is entailment to say a man is working on a cart because he painted a sign onto it because he is a man. It is entailment to say a man is working on a
everyone is in a restaurant.  The inference is that everyone is in a restaurant because everyone is in a restaurant.  The inference is that everyone is in a restaurant because everyone is in a restaurant.  The inference is that
he extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo. Premise is entailment to
a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts is a boy dressed for summer in
he extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo.  Premise is a
they are not young men.  Premise is a young man does tricks on his skateboard. It is contradiction to say two girls sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead because
he is rolling forward. It is neutral to say a guy rolls forward because he is rolling forward. It is neutral to say a guy rolls forward because he is rolling forward. It is neutral to say a guy rolls forward because he is rolling forward
he does tricks on his skateboard. Premise is entailment to say a youth engages in athleticism because he does tricks on his skateboard. Premise is entailment to say a youth engages in athleticism because he does tricks on his
a woman is resting on the shoulder of a man.  The inference is a natural language inference. It is a deductive inference. It is a
it is not possible.  The inference is that the woman in the black jacket is resting on the shoulder of the man in the black jacket.  The
it is not a statement about the woman's identity. However, it is not neutral to say a woman's husband lays on her shoulder because it is a statement about
it is not a baseball player.  Premise is a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand. It is contradiction to say a basketball player dunking the ball because it
he is a baseball player. Premise is entailment to say a baseball player playing in a game because he is playing in a game. Premise is entailment to say a baseball player playing in
he is not a baseball player.  The inference is that baseball player is a baseball player.  The inference is that baseball player is a baseball player.  The inference is that baseball player is
they are blue. It is also neutral to say the boy's suspenders are blue because he is wearing blue suspenders.  Premise is a young boy in suspenders. It is neutral to say the boy's suspenders are blue
he is wearing suspenders.  Premise is a young boy in suspenders. It is contradiction to say the boy is dressed in a formal suit because he is wearing suspenders.  Premise is a young boy in susp
he is wearing pants. Premise is entailment to say the boy has suspenders attached to his pants because he is wearing suspenders. Premise is entailment to say the boy has suspenders attached to his pants because he
it is a dog. It is not neutral to say a dog wants back inside because it is a dog.  Premise is a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. It is
it jumps up and down in the snow. Premise is entailment to say a dog jumps up and down in the snow because it is black and white. Premise is entailment to say a dog jumps up
it is cold outside.  Premise is a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. It is contradiction to say a dog is warm in it's bed because it is cold outside.
it is not a statement about the man's beliefs. The inference is that the man is going into the temple to pray because he is wearing a red hat and red shirt.
he is wearing a red hat and red shirt.  Premise is a man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt. It is entailment to say the
the net is too large to be used on a pond.  The inference is that the people are playing ice hockey on a pond.  The inference is that the people are
they are holding a net. It is neutral to say the people are holding a net because they are holding a net. It is neutral to say the people are holding a net because they are
they are holding a net. Premise is many people on the beach holding a very large net. It is entailment to say there are many people in this picture, and they are all
it is not a statement about any particular group of girls. It is a statement about a group of girls in general.  Now, let's say we have a picture of a group of girls walking
they are wearing black and white spotted skirts.  Premise is a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street. It is entailment to say a group of girls are outside because they
they are standing.  The inference is that the girls are sitting on the bench.  The inference is that the girls are sitting on the bench.  The inference is that the girls
a tree has a child stuck up in it. Premise is a child stuck up in a tree. It is entailment to say a tree has a child stuck up in it because a tree has a child stuck up in
it is neutral. It is not true that a child is stuck in a tree. It is true that a child is stuck in a tree if it is true that a child is stuck in a tree. It is not
a man is sawing down a telephone pole. Premise is a child stuck up in a tree. It is contradiction to say a man is sawing down a telephone pole because a man is sawing down a telephone pole.
the person is wearing a blue backpack. Premise is a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view. It is entailment to say the person is outdoors because the person is wearing a blue
the person is wearing a blue backpack.  The inference engine will try to find a contradiction between the premises and the conclusion. If it finds a contradiction, it will return a contradiction result.  The inference engine
it is not a statement about the person. It is a statement about the hike.  The inference is that the person is hiking because they are wearing a blue backpack.  The inference is that
a person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. Premise is a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. It is entailment to say a person stands in the middle
a girl is not a boy.  Premise is a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. It is contradiction to say a girl stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers
it does not imply anything about the boy's emotions. Now, we can say that the boy is sad because he is standing in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. This is called a natural
it is a man and his camel. Premise is a man and his camel in the dusty desert. It is entailment to say a man and his camel because it is a man and his camel. Premise is a man and
the man is a man and his camel is a camel. The man and his goat in the farm is a contradiction because the man is a man and his goat is a goat. The man and his camel in the farm is
he is a man and he is in the desert. But it is not neutral to say the man is mexican because he is a mexican.  The problem is that the man is mexican because he is
it is standing on it.  The inference is that the animal is standing on the tree trunk.  The inference is that the animal is standing on the tree trunk.  The inference
the guy is carrying his pet.  The inference is that the guy is carrying his pet.  The inference is that the guy is carrying his pet.
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a man waits at a green light because he is waiting for the green light. Premise is entailment to say a man waits at a green light because he is
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the situation.  The inference is that the man is waiting for the green light. The inference is not that the man is waiting for the green light
he is waiting for the green light.  The inference is that the man ran a red light.  The inference is that the man ran a red light. Premise is a man in suit waiting for the green light.
it is not a statement about the crime scene. It is a statement about the officers.  The inference is that the officers are standing near a crime
they are officers. Premise is an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background. It is entail
he is standing in front of a shop.  The inference is that the officer enjoys coffee in the shop.  The inference is that the officer enjoys coffee
he is a man. Premise is a woman holding a newborn baby. It is contradiction to say man runs fast because he is a man. Premise is a woman holding a newborn baby. It is contradiction to say man runs fast because he is a man.
woman is holding baby. Premise is entailment to say woman is holding baby because woman is holding baby. Premise is entailment to say woman is holding baby because woman is holding baby. Premise is entailment to say woman is holding baby because woman
she is a woman. Premise is entailment to say woman holds her new baby because she is holding her baby. Premise is entailment to say woman holds her new baby because she is holding her baby. Premise is entailment to say
it is neutral to say a dog is chasing a ball. It is not neutral to say a dog is chasing a ball because it is not neutral to say a dog is chasing a ball.  The inference is that the small dog is
cats don't run.  The inference is that the small dog is running across the lawn.  The inference is that the small dog is running across the lawn.  The inference is that the small dog is running across
it is a mammal. Premise is the small dog is running across the lawn. It is entailment to say a mammal is running through the yard because it is a mammal. Premise is the small dog is running across the
it is a dog. Premise is a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow. It is entailment to say a dog is pulling a sled because it is pulling a red sled across the snow. Premise is
it is neutral to say a dog is pulling a sled. It is not neutral to say a dog is pulling a sled with bags because it is not neutral to say a dog is pulling a sled.  The inference
cats don't play in the snow.  The inference is that the dog is pulling the sled.  The inference is that the dog is pulling the sled.  The inference is that the dog is pulling the
there are people shopping. It is entailment to say there are people shopping because there are people at a market. It is entailment to say there are people shopping because there are people at a market. It is entailment to say there
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the party.  The inference is that the three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw.  The inference is
they are shopping.  The inference is that the three people are watching television together.  The inference is that the three people are watching television together.  The inference is that the three people are watching television together.
they are not walking down the street.  The inference is that the group of people are sitting in the library.  The inference is that the group of people are sitting in the library.  The
it is not a statement about the people. It is a statement about the activity.  Premise is a group of people are walking down a busy street. It is neutral to say a group of people are going
there are people walking. Premise is a group of people are walking down a busy street. It is entailment to say there are people walking because there are people walking. Premise is a group of people are walking down a busy
he is half dressed. Premise is a man is sleeping on the sidewalk. It is entailment to say a man is sleeping because he is on the sidewalk. Premise is a man is sleeping on the sidewalk. It is entailment
he is sleeping on the sidewalk.  The inference is that the man is sleeping on the sidewalk because he is drinking coffee.  The inference is that the man is sleeping on the sidewalk because he is drinking coffee.  The
it is neutral to say a man is sleeping outside. It is neutral to say a man is sleeping outside because it is neutral to say a man is sleeping. It is neutral to say a man is sleeping outside because it is neutral to
she is rollerblading. Premise is a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air. It is entailment to say the woman is jumping because she is
it is not a statement about her gender. The statement is true if the woman is a professional skater. The statement is false if the woman is not a professional skater.
she is wearing knee and elbow pads and a helmet.  The inference is that the woman is rollerblading.  The inference is that the woman is rollerblading.
it is not a statement about the game itself. It is a statement about the players.  Now, if we say that the guys are playing shirts vs skins, we are making a statement about the game itself
they are not playing basketball.  The inference is that the guys are playing basketball.  The inference is that the guys are playing basketball because they are sitting in a meeting.  The inference is that
they are playing basketball. It is entailment to say guys are indoors because they are playing basketball. It is entailment to say guys are indoors because they are playing basketball. It is entailment to say guys are indoors because
he is a barber. Premise is entailment to say a barber waits for business because he is a barber. Premise is entailment to say a barber waits for
he is waiting for his next customer.  Premise is a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive. It is contradiction to say a bar
it is not a statement about the barber's attitude towards his customers.  Premise is a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next
they wipe down trays. Premise is two women wipe down trays. It is entailment to say two women wipe down trays because they stand in a kitchen. Premise is two women wipe down trays
they are standing in a kitchen.  The inference is that they are having tea because they are standing in a kitchen.  The inference is that they are having tea because they are standing in a kitchen.  The
they are standing in a kitchen. It is entailment to say they are standing in a kitchen because they are wiping down trays. It is entailment to say they are wiping down trays because they are women. It
he is flying off it.  Premise is the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence. It is entailment to say the man is next to the
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the fence.  The man in black is flying off the full in front of a
pink is not next to blue.  The inference is that the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.  The inference is that the man
the ocean is blue wideness. Premise is swimming in the blue wideness. Premise is swimming in the blue wideness. Premise is swimming in the blue wideness. Premise is swimming in the blue wideness.
it is swimming in the ocean. It is not swimming in the backstroke because it is swimming in the ocean.  The inference is that it is swimming in the backstroke because it is swimming in the ocean.  The inference is that it
some is swimming. Premise is swimming in the wide blue ocean. It is entailment to say some is staying afloat and moving in water because some is swimming. Premise is swimming in the wide blue ocean. It is entailment
it is perched on a branch. Premise is a bird is perched on a tree branch is entailment to say a bird is perched in a tree because it is perched on a branch. Premise is a bird is perched
squirrels are rodents.  The inference is that squirrels are rodents.  The inference is that squirrels are rodents.  The inference is that squirrels are rodents.  The inference is that squirrels are rodents
it is a bird. It is neutral to say a bird is perched on a tree branch because it is perched on a tree branch. It is neutral to say an owl is perched on a tree branch because it is perched on a
he is sitting down. Premise is entailment to say a young man is sitting down because he is sitting under a tree. Premise is entailment to say a young man is sitting under a tree because
he is sitting under a tree. But it is not neutral to say a young man is resting because he is sitting under a tree while others walk down the street. The inference is that the young man is resting because he
he is sitting under a tree.  The inference is that the young man is playing basketball.  The inference is that the young man is playing basketball.  The inference is that the young man is
there are no dogs in the kennel.  The inference is that there are dogs in the kennel.  The inference is that there are dogs in the kennel.  The inference is
they are in a kennel. It is also neutral to say the kids are being punished because they are black.  The inference is that the kids are being punished because they are black.  The inference is that the kids
it is neutral to say kids are in a cage. It is neutral to say black dog kennel because it is neutral to say black dog kennel. It is neutral to say black dog kennel because it is neutral to
they are all sitting in chairs.  The inference is that the girl with the blue shirt is the girl with
they are standing next to a girl who is sitting. Premise is a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with
the girl with the green shirt is sitting in a chair.  The inference is that the girl with the blue shirt is arm
they are not opening boxes.  The inference is that the woman in
the woman in
it is not clear whether the woman is opening boxes
they are using animals to cultivate a field. It is entailment to say two people are outside with animals because they are using animals to cultivate a field. It is entailment to say two people are outside with animals
they are not swimming at the gym.  Premise is two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field. It is contradiction to say two people are swimming at the gym because they are not swimming
they are using it to cultivate a field.  Premise is two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field. It is entailment to say a couple is farming with their pet buffalo
they were eating with the girls.  The inference is that the boys are eating with the girls.  The inference is that the boys are eating with the girls.  The inference is that the boys are eating with
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the lunch.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "lilly and sally were laughing while eating lunch
it is not a fact. It is a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact that they were eating lunch together. It is a statement of fact that they were laughing and smiling while they ate lunch
it is not a statement about the accident itself.  The inference is that the accident happened because people stand along the train track.  The inference is that the accident happened because people stand along the train track
they are going to the train station. It is not neutral to say some people are walking to the train station because they are going to the train station because they are going to the train station.  The first sentence is
some people with cameras are standing on a train track.  Premise is people stand along a train track and take pictures. It is entailment to say some people with cameras are standing on a train track
it is in the background.  Premise is a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background. It is contradiction to say the
they are pushing strollers. It is neutral to say the market vendors are bored because they are selling fruit. It is neutral to say the cathedral is bored because it is empty. It is
they are being pushed. Premise is a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background. It is entailment to say the
the coach is talking.  The coach is talking about the football player. The football player is talking about the coach. The coach is talking about the football player. The football player is talking about the coach.
they are talking.  Premise: Football player is talking.  Premise: Football player is talking.  Premise: Football player is talking.  Premise: Football player is talking
it is not a statement about the coach or player. However, if the coach says "I am tall" then it is a statement about the coach.  The inference is that the coach is tall.
they are looking out in the distance. Premise is two humans looking out in the distance from a hill. It is entailment to say two people are outdoors because they are looking out in the distance. Premise is two humans looking
they are looking out in the distance.  The inference engine is a computer program that can understand natural language. It can understand the sentence "two people are rolling down the hill" and infer that the two people are rolling
it is a natural language inference. It is not neutral to say two people paused to look at the beautiful view before resuming their hike because it is a natural language inference.  The
she is swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym. Premise is entailment
the young man is spotting her. The young girl is wearing a black leotard because she is swinging on the
they are both men. Premise is entailment to say two men boxing because they are both black men. Premise is entailment to say two men boxing because they are both white men. Premise is entailment
they are not sitting together.  The inference is that the two men are not sitting together because they are boxing.  The inference is that the two men are not sitting together because they are boxing
it is not a statement about the boxer's race. However, if we say "the black man pounded the white man" we are making a statement about the boxer's race.  The same is
he is holding them.  The inference is that the man is holding the children.  The inference is that the man is holding the children.  The inference is that the man is holding the children
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the photograph. The inference is that the man holds his grandchildren in his arms.  The inference is not that the man holds his grandchildren in his
it is entailment to say two humans together. It is entailment to say three humans because it is entailment to say two humans together. It is entailment to say three humans because it is entailment to say two humans together. It is
she is holding an accordion.  The inference is that the man is holding the accordion because he is a man.  The inference is that the man is holding the accord
he is holding an accordion. Premise is entailment to say a man is holding an accordion because he is leaning against a fence. Premise is entailment to say a
it is neutral to say a man leans against his fence.  Premise is a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water.
it is not a natural language inference.  The natural language inference is that the women jump in the pool and splash each other.  The natural language inference is that the women jump in
it is entailment to say women wear headscarves.  Premise is several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard. It is entailment to say
it is not a statement about the women. It is a statement about the cobbled courtyard.  Now, let's say we have a statement that says
they are wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.  The inference is that the children are yelling loudly because they are wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths
they are wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths. Premise is entailment to say two young children are whispering to each other because they are wearing wool caps and mitten
they are whispering. It is not neutral to say they are whispering about their day because they are whispering about their day.  Premise is two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering
there is no man in a black t-shirt and jeans.  The inference is that there is a man in a black t-shirt and
it is not a statement about the man's character.  The inference is that the man is wearing designer fashions because
there is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say there is a man in black outside on
she is wearing black.  Premise is a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach. It is contradiction to say the woman is naked because she is wearing black.  Premise is a
it is raining. It is also neutral to say the girl is riding a giant unicycle on the beach because it is raining.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like this:  Premise:
she is wearing black. Premise is a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach. It is entailment to say the girl has clothes on because she is riding a giant unicycle on the
he is short-haired and wears a dark camouflage jacket. Premise is entailment to say a man plays a saxophone because he is short-
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the environment.  Now, let's say we have a
he is not eating a sandwich.  The inference engine is a neural network that learns from examples. It learns to infer the truth of the premises from
he is sitting in front of it. The inference is that the man is not in the fountain.  The inference is that the man is not in the fountain.  The inference is that
it is a fact. The man is not sitting in front of a fountain statue because it is a fact. The man is sitting in front of a fountain statue because it is a fact. The man is
he is sitting in front of the statue. Premise is entailment to say the statue is a fountain because it is sitting in front of the man. Premise is entailment to say the
the building is made of stone. Premise is a woman is tending to her herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone. It is
they are tending to their herd of animals. Premise is two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily
they are tending to their herd of animals.  The inference is that the women are tending to their herd of animals because they are farmers.  The inference is that the women
he is not a machine.  The inference is that the man is cutting the grass.  The inference is that the man is cutting the grass.  The inference is that the man
he is performing at a charity event. It is neutral to say a surfer is performing at a charity event because he is performing at a charity event. It is neutral to say
it is entailment to say man eating on a bench.  Premise is a man is eating food next to a child on a bench. It is entailment to say man eating on a bench
man is eating food.  Premise is a man is eating food next to a child on a bench. It is contradiction to say man eating child because man is eating food.  Premise is a man is eating food
it is not a statement about the man's character. It is a statement about the man's actions.  Now, let's say we have a statement about a man's character. It is a
he is sitting on a chair.  The inference is that the large black man is running a race because he is sitting on a chair.  The inference is that the large black man is running a
he is sitting on it. Premise is entailment to say the large black man is relaxing in the chair because he is sitting on it. Premise is entailment to say the large black man
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the chair. The chair is not a person. The chair is not a person. The chair is not a
it is a contradiction to say some men are eating dinner around a small square table.  The inference is that some men are eating dinner around a small square table.  The
some men are gathered around a table. Premise is a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table. It is entailment to say some men are gathered around a
it is not a statement about the men. It is a statement about the room.  Now, let's say we want to say that some men are having a planning meeting in
the character outline is dark. Premise is entailment to say a character outline is dark because the character outline is outlined very darkly. Premise is entailment to say a character outline is outlined
the boy in the purple shirt is not outlined very darkly.  The inference is that the boy in the white shirt is the boy in the purple shirt.  The inference is that the boy in
it is not specific enough to be a description of a person. It is not specific enough to be a description of a person. It is not specific enough to be a description of a person. It is
they are at a flea market.  The inference is that the man and woman are at a flea market because they are at a high priced store.  The inference is that the man
it is not a statement about the flea market itself. It is a statement about the deals that can be found there.  The inference is that the man and woman are at a flea market because
they are shopping for deals. It is also neutral to say they are shopping for deals because they are shopping for deals.  Now, let's say the man is wearing a red shirt. It is neutral to say he
gerbils are not people.  The inference is that the man carrying the silver tripod is a person.  The inference is that the man
they are waiting for something.  Premise is a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns.
it is a building that has been around for a long time. It is not neutral to say the building is historical because it is a building that has been around for a long
it is true. It is false to say the tourists stood at the railing looking up at the city because it is false.  The inference is that the tourists stood at the railing looking down at the
they were standing at a railing looking at an attraction. It is also neutral to say the tourists were standing at a railing looking at an attraction because they were on a bus tour.  The inference is that the tourists were
it was interesting.  The inference is that the attraction was interesting because it drew the attention of the tourists.  The inference is that the attraction was interesting because it drew the attention of the tourists.
the group is walking in the middle of the walkway.  The inference is that the group is eating lunch at a small
it is not known whether the group is male or female. However, it is not neutral to say the woman is taking a tour because it is
she is walking away from the green divider. Premise is a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green
he is singing.  The inference is that the man is balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings.
it is a fact. It is also neutral to say the man loves to play music for people because he is a musician.  Now let's say we want
he is balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings. Premise is man balding with a mustache
he is looking at a case. Premise is little boy peering into a glass display case. It is entailment to say a boy looks in a case because he is looking at a case. Premise is little boy pe
it is not a boy or a girl. The inference is that the boy is looking at a trophy.  The inference is that the boy is looking at a trophy because it is not a boy or a girl.  The
she is not in the display case.  The inference is that the boy is looking at the girl.  The inference is that the girl is not in the display case.  The inference is that the girl is walking.
the man walks into it. Premise is a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard. It is entailment to say this is a transportation station because the man walks into
he is not at a transportation station. The inference is that the man is at a transportation station.  The inference is that the man is at a transportation station.  The inference is that the
they are watching him. It is not neutral to say the guards are watching a suspicious man because they are watching him because they are suspicious of him.  The guards are watching a suspicious man because
amusement parks are not sand structures.  The inference is that children play in sand structures.  The inference is that children play in sand structures surrounded by a lot of window like
they are surrounded by sand.  Premise is children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings. It is entailment to say the children
they are playing in the sand.  The inference is that children playing in the sand are playing in the sand.  The inference is that children playing in the sand
it is not a statement about the children. It is a statement about the building.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the children are
it is entailment to say they are playing. Premise is four children are outdoors playing because it is entailment to say they are playing. Premise is four children are outdoors playing because it
they are playing in the courtyard of a building made out of clay or sand.  The inference is that the children are playing in the courtyard of a building made
it is black and brown. Premise is a dog is jumping on concrete in the water. It is entailment to say the dog is jumping because it is black and brown. Premise is a dog is jumping
it is jumping on the blocks. It is also neutral to say the dog wants to play because it is jumping on the blocks. The dog wants to play because it is jumping on the blocks is a stronger statement than
it is jumping on the blocks.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping because it is jumping on the blocks.  The inference is that the dog is sleeping because it is jumping on the blocks.
it is not a statement about the man's son. It is a statement about the man.  Now, let's say we want to say that the man is watching his son playing
he is not in the ocean.  Premise is a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance. It is contradiction to say a man is swimming in the ocean because he is not
it is entailment to say a man is squatting in a park. Premise is entailment to say a man is squatting in a park because it is entailment to say a man is
it is not known whether he has tried it or not. It is also neutral to say the snowboarder has tried this jump before because it is known that he has tried it before.
they have a maroon coat. Premise is entailment to say a person is sailing because they have a coat. Premise is entailment to say a person is sailing because they are a snowboarder.
he is wearing a maroon coat.  The inference is that the snowboarder is wearing a maroon coat.  The inference is that the snowboarder is wearing a maroon coat.
she is not a man.  The inference is that the man is a man because he is reaching into a bin or basket.  The
he is in front of a dryer. Premise is entailment to say a man reaches into his laundry basket at the laund
he is in front of a dryer.  Premise is a man is in front of a dryer in a laundrom
she is wearing a pink and gray striped outfit.  The inference is that the woman is standing because she is wearing a pink and gray striped outfit.  The inference
the dog is not eating dinner.  The inference is that the woman is eating dinner.  The inference is that the woman is eating dinner because the dog is eating
it is not a statement about the woman's personality. It is a statement about the family's personality.  The inference is that the woman is trying
the emergency worker is directing the man to the path.  The inference is that the emergency worker is at the beach.  The inference is that the emergency worker is at the beach.
it is not a statement about the man pulling the sled. It is neutral to say an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled because it is not a statement about the man pulling the sled
he directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.  The inference is that the emergency worker helps outdoors because he directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the swing.  Premise is the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out
her hair is flying out behind her.  The inference is that the girl is sleeping in bed because her hair is flying out behind her.  The inference is that the girl is sleeping
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the swing. The girl is swinging on the swing. The girl is swinging her hair. The girl is swinging her hair
he is a man. Premise is entailment to say a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech because he is dressed in a red
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a drunk talks loudly at a wedding reception.  The inference is that the man in the red shirt and black tie
he is not wearing a red shirt and black tie.  The inference is that the man is wearing a red shirt and black tie.  The inference is that
she is a lady. Premise is entailment to say a lady walks down the street because she is black. Premise is entailment to say a lady walks down the street because she is
she is not a woman in black.  The inference is that the woman in black is the young woman.  The inference is that the woman in black is the
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the wall.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is not neutral
it is not a color. The man is holding the helicopter in his left hand because he is left handed. The controller is in his right hand because he is
he is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand.  The inference is that the man has something on his face.  The inference
it is entailment to say a person is holding a helicopter and a controller.  Premise is a man with a half mask over his
he is wearing a striped shirt. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a striped shirt because he is standing near some fruit. Premise is entailment to say a man is standing near some
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the pile of fruits.  Now, let's say the man takes a picture of the pile of fruits. It is
it is not a fact. It is a fact that a man stands behind a pile of fruits.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man in the striped shirt
it is not a statement about the woman's personality.  Now, let's say that the woman is looking at her cellphone because she is waiting for a text
she is talking on it.  The inference engine is a computer program that can learn from examples and infer new examples. The inference engine can learn from examples and infer
she is walking down the street looking at her cellphone. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a black dress and green sweater because she is walking down the street looking
it is not a statement about the color of the horse. It is a statement about the person riding the horse. The statement is true if the person attempts to rope a black cow. It is false if the person
the person is on a horse. The inference is that the person is on a camel.  The inference is that the person is on a camel because the person is on a horse.  The inference is that
he attempts to rope a black cow. Premise is entailment to say the person is on a horse because he attempts to rope a black cow. Premise is entailment to say the person is on a horse
they are awake.  Premise is a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man. It is contradiction to say a group of people are sleeping on pluto because they are awake.
it is true. It is also true that a group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed because it is false.  Now, let's say that the boy is being interviewed by
they are watching a boy and interviewer.  Premise is a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man. It is entailment to say a group of people are watching
it is entailment to say a man interviews a boy. Premise is entailment to say a man interviews a boy because it is entailment to say a man interviews a boy. Premise is entailment to say a man
it is contradictory to say a man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people.  Premise is a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people. It is
it is not a statement about the boy. The inference is that the boy is a terrorist.  The inference is that the boy is a terrorist because the inference is that the boy is a
they are both at the party.  Premise is two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.
they are doing something else.  The inference is that the lady with her fingers in her pocket is drinking.  The inference is that the lady with a drink in
they are not migrating.  The inference is that the lady with her fingers in her pocket is the one who is drinking.  The inference is that the lady
they are both dogs. Premise is also neutral to say the two dogs belong to the lady because they are both playing in the yard. Premise is also neutral to say the two dogs belong to the lady
she is holding one dog. Premise is entailment to say a lady has two dogs with her because she is holding one dog. Premise is entailment to say a lady has two dogs with her
she is holding one dog while another dog is playing outside.  The inference is that the lady has the two dogs inside. Premise is a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard
the child is getting something out of the tank.  Premise is a child being watched while getting something out of a tank. It is contradiction to say the tank is getting something out of the child because
it is filled with water. The child is getting something out of the tank. The child is getting something out of the tank. The child is getting something out of the tank. The child is getting something out of the tank
the child can get something out of it. Premise is entailment to say the child can get something out of it because it has an opening. Premise is entailment to say the child can get something out of it
it is a neutral statement. Now, we can say that the girl is chasing the duck with the bread in her hands, and the duck is chasing the bread in
dragons are not ducks.  Premise is a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands. It is contradiction to say a young girl chasing a dragon with bread in her hands because dragons
it is a child chasing an animal. Premise is entailment to say a child is chasing an animal because it is a child chasing an animal. Premise is entailment to say a child is chasing an animal because
he is dressed up with a yellow tie.  The inference is that the young man jumping against the wall is hispanic because he is
he is wearing a yellow tie. Premise is a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against
it is not necessary to say that the young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party because it is obvious that
he is attracted to her. It is also neutral to say a boy admires a woman because he admires her beauty. It is also neutral to say a boy admires a woman because he admires her intelligence. It is
he is watching a woman. Premise is entailment to say a boy is watching a woman because he is watching a woman. Premise is entailment to say a boy is watching a woman because he is watching a woman
she is walking amidst many concrete boxes.  Premise is a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes. It is contradiction to say a woman is checking out the men because she is walking amidst many concrete boxes.
she is not doing a speech. The inference is that the man is doing a speech.  The inference is that the man is doing a speech because he is doing a speech.  The inference is that the man is
he is talking to himself. But it is not neutral to say he is talking to someone else because he is talking to someone else.  The inference is that the man is talking to himself. The inference is that the man
he is wearing glasses. Premise is entailment to say an older man is talking because he is wearing glasses because he is talking. Premise is entailment to say an older man is talking because he is wearing glasses because he
it is not a fact. It is a statement about the boy's behavior.  The inference is that the boy is riding to the
he is looking at pictures on a board. Premise is entailment to say a boy is riding his bike outside because he is looking at pictures on a
he is riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the boy is riding a bicycle.  The inference is that the boy is riding
they are heading into a grove of trees.  The inference is that the person in the picture is a skier heading into a grove
there is snow on the ground in this picture. Premise is a skier is heading into a grove of trees. It is entailment to say there is snow on the ground in this picture because
he is not a good skier. It is also neutral to say the man is a good skier who is heading
it is not a golden dog.  Premise is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. It is neutral to say a golden animal bounds across the snow-covered plateau because it is not
a golden car is not a golden dog.  Premise is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. It is contradiction to say a golden car bounds across the snow-covered highway because a
it is entailment to say a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. Premise is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. It is entailment to say a golden dog
she is wearing a white dress and carrying a white umbrella.  Now, let's say we
it is not a statement about the woman's marital status. The woman is modeling a wedding dress because
she is standing on a platform and the brochure is white. The woman is standing on a platform
he is wearing cloth pants and shirt.  The inference is that the man is wearing cloth pants
it is a natural language inference.  The inference is that the man in the white shirt and blue jeans is
he is wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth.  The inference is that the
they are landscaping and gardening. It is entailment to say people are landscaping and gardening because they are caring for their lawns. It is entailment to say people are landscaping and gardening because they are
they are planting daisies. It is not neutral to say people are planting daisies because they are planting daisies because they are landscaping and gardening.  The second sentence is a natural language inference.
they are landscaping their homes.  The inference is that people are landscaping their homes because they are planting in their homes.  The inference is that people are landscaping their homes because they are planting in their
it is not a statement about basketball. It is a statement about the men playing basketball.  Premise is two men play basketball. It is neutral to say two friends are playing a game of horse in basketball because it is not a
they are playing basketball. Premise is two men play basketball. It is entailment to say two men are playing basketball because they are playing sports. Premise is two men play basketball. It is entailment to say two men are playing basketball because they are
they are not friends.  Premise is two men play basketball. It is contradiction to say two friends are eating lunch because they are not friends.  Premise is two men play basketball. It is contradiction to say two friends are eating lunch because they
they are winning the soccer game. It is also neutral to say the women are losing the soccer game because they are losing the soccer game.  Now, let's say we have a natural language inference that is not neutral. Prem
it is entailment to say women's soccer team. It is entailment to say women's soccer team because it is entailment to say women's soccer team. It is entailment to say women's soccer team because it is entailment
they are not playing soccer on mars.  The inference is that women's soccer team is playing soccer on mars.  The inference is that women's soccer team is playing soccer on mars.  The inference is that women
it is true. It is false to say kids are laughing and playing because it is false.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says kids are playing in the water in the middle of the street. It
they are in the middle of the street.  Premise is kids play in the water in the middle of the street. It is entailment to say kids are playing in the water because they are in the middle
zombies are not running.  The inference is that kids are running from zombies because zombies are running.  The inference is that kids are running from zombies because zombies are running.  The inference is that kids are running
it is entailment to say a woman wears a purple with black polka-dot hoodie.  Premise is a woman wearing a purple with
she is tired. It is also neutral to say she is resting because she is resting.  Now let's say we want to say she is resting because she is
it is raining.  The inference is that the woman is resting on the bench in the sunlight.  The inference is that the woman is resting on the bench in
he is wearing black pants.  The inference is that the man is wearing white pants.  The inference is that the man is
the man is wearing black pants. Premise is entailment to say there is a man wearing black pants because the man is wearing orange
it is black. Premise is a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a 'just
he was walking on the icy sidewalk. It is also neutral to say the man almost slipped because he was walking on the icy sidewalk. But it is not neutral to say the man almost slipped because he was walking on the icy sidewalk.  Prem
he walks on the sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors because he walks on the sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say the man is outdoors because he walks on the sidewalk. Premise is entailment to say the
he is walking. The inference is that the man is walking on the icy sidewalk.  The inference is a man walks on the icy sidewalk. It is contradiction to say the man is sitting down because he is walking. The inference is that the
it is entailment to say group of people waiting to cross the street.  The inference is that group of people waiting to cross the street is entailment to say group of people waiting to cross
they are waiting to cross the street.  Premise is a group of people wait to cross the street in new york. It is contradiction to say people waiting in line at an amusement park because
it is sunny. But it is not neutral to say some of the people are wearing sunglasses because it is raining.  The inference is that the people wearing sunglasses are waiting to cross the street in new y
they are not playing with the shirt.  The inference is that the zombies are playing with the paper bag.  The inference is that the zombies are playing with
they are holding a shirt.  Premise is two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a
they are playing with paper and bags.  The inference is that the boys are playing with paper and bags.  The inference is that the boys are playing with
it is not a statement about the man. It is a statement about the van.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "The man is waiting for someone near a white van." This is a statement
he is bearded. Premise is a man sits near a white van. It is entailment to say a man sits near a van because he is bearded. Premise is a man sits near a white van. It is entail
it is a contradiction to say a man sitting inside a white van.  The inference is that the man sitting inside the white van is the bearded man.  The inference is that the man sitting inside the red truck is not
he is preparing to kick the ball. It is entailment to say a person is preparing to kick the ball because he is a football player. It is entailment to say a person is a football player because he is preparing to kick
he is preparing to kick it.  Premise is the football player prepares to kick the ball. It is contradiction to say the quarterback is throwing the football because he is preparing to kick it.  Premise is the football player
it is a neutral statement.  Now, let's say the football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the
he is wearing a black hat and coat.  The inference is that the man is taking a shower because he is wearing a black hat and coat.  The inference is that the man is
he is wearing a black hat and coat. Premise is a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him. It is entailment to say a
it is neutral to say a man is performing for a group in the park.  Premise is a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd
he is in red and bowling is a sport.  The inference is that the man is bowling because he is in red and bowling is a sport.  The inference is that
he is wearing red shoes.  The inference is that the man is bowling with a red ball because he is wearing red shoes.  The inference is that the man is
he is bowling.  The man is bowling because he is at home watching tv.  The man is bowling because he is at home watching tv.  The
the boy is standing in the street. The inference is that the boy is the girl's father.  The inference is that the boy is the girl's father
it is true. It is also true that the parade is for the marching band because it is a parade. The inference is that the girl is in the parade for the marching
she is standing in the middle of the street. Premise is entailment to say a girl is standing in the middle of the street because she is by a parade. Premise is entailment
the man in brown is wearing a brown jacket.  The inference is that the man in brown is wearing a brown jacket because he is wearing a brown jacket
it is not clear whether the man in the jacket is getting his wallet or the man dressed in brown is getting his wallet.  The
the other is standing next to him.  Premise is a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the guitar and the singing.  Now, let's say we want to infer that the girl is wearing a white shirt. We can use
she wears white shirt.  Premise is girl wears white shirt. It is entailment to say girl wears white shirt because she sings on stage.  Premise is girl sings on stage. It is
triangle is a musical instrument.  The inference is that girl is a singer and a guitarist.  The inference is that girl is a singer and a guitarist.  The inference is that girl is a singer and a guitarist
he is wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt. Premise is entailment to say someone is fixing a net because he is a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-
he is wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt.  Premise is a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net. It
it is not a fishing net.  The inference is that the bearded man is fixing a lawnmower.  The inference is that the bearded man is fixing a lawnm
he smiles at her. It is also neutral to say the man knows the woman because he smiles at her and she is wearing a white dress. It is also neutral to say the man knows the woman because he smiles at her and
he is smiling at a woman in a white dress. The inference is that the man is smiling at the woman in the white dress.  The inference is that the man is smiling at the woman in the white dress.
he is smiling at the woman. It is not neutral to say the man is smiling at the woman because he is smiling at the woman. Premise is a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress. It is neutral to
he is homeless. The inference is that the individual is homeless because he is playing guitar on the streets.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say a poor person is kneeling by the trash filled body of water
it is not a statement of fact. It is a statement of fact to say a homeless man
she is smiling. Premise is the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer. It is entailment to say a woman is holding a tool because she is smiling. Premise is the older woman smiles as she holds
he is holding a hammer.  The inference is that the man is kicking rocks because he is holding a hammer.  The inference is that the man is kicking rocks because he is holding a hammer.  The inference
it is not a statement about the woman's gender. It is a statement about the hammer.  Premise is the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer. It is neutral to say a woman is
it is contradictory to say a woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase.  The inference is that the woman is wearing black sunglasses and
she is posing for a photograph. Premise is a woman is posing for a photograph because she is posing for a photograph. Premise is a woman is posing for
she is happy. It is also neutral to say a woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture because
she is wearing a white shirt. It is also neutral to say the woman is wearing a red scarf because she is wearing a red scarf. It is
the woman in the scarf is the woman in the picture.  Premise is a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and
she is wearing a red scarf.  The inference is that the woman is asleep at home because she is wearing a red scarf.
she is eating dinner.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a blue coat.  The inference is that the woman is wearing a blue coat.  The inference is that the woman is
she is eating dinner. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a black coat because her dog is looking on. Premise is entailment to say a woman is wearing a black coat because
it is not specific to any one woman. It is specific to a woman in a black coat eating dinner before bed.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that is ambiguous. It could
they are standing on tree log.  Premise is three kids in a forest standing on a tree log. It is contradiction to say children chopping down tree in woods because they are standing on tree log.  Premise
it is neutral to say children enjoying nature. But it is not neutral to say children enjoying nature because it is not neutral to say children enjoying nature. So we can infer that children enjoying nature is not neutral.  So we can infer that
it is not a statement about the kids. It is a statement about the stream.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The kids are standing on a tree log." We can infer that the kids are
he is not at the restaurant.  The inference is that the man is at the restaurant.  The inference is that the man is at the restaurant.  The inference is
it is entailment to say a man with glasses because it is entailment to say a man at a restaurant because it is entailment to say a man at a restaurant because it is entailment to say
it is not shown whether he is waiting for his wife or not.  The inference is that he is waiting for his wife.  The inference is that he is waiting for his
they are performing in a football stadium.  The inference is that the cheerleaders are performing on a football field.  The inference is that the cheerleaders are
it is not a gender specific term. However, if we want to say a group of girls perform on a football field, we need to add a modifier. We can say a group of
they are cheerleaders. Premise is cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post. It is entailment to say a group of people dance outdoors because they are cheer
he is writing on a table. It is also neutral to say the man is writing on a table because he is selling things. The man is writing on a table because he is selling things. The man is writing
a woman cannot sit.  The inference is that the man is writing a letter to his wife.  The inference is that the man is writing a letter to his wife.  The inference is that
he is writing. Premise is entailment to say a man sits outside because he is writing because he sits outside. Premise is entailment to say a man sits outside because he is writing because he sits outside. Prem
she was looking to the side.  Premise is a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run. It is contradiction to say the girl was running because she was looking to the side.
it is not a fact. It is a conclusion. The boy was caught stealing is a fact.  The boy was caught stealing is a fact.  Premise is a group of people look to the
he looked to the side. Premise is a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run. It is entailment to say the boy started running because he looked to the side. Premise
they are not embracing. Premise is a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk. It is entailment to say a woman and a man are outside because they are not embracing. Premise is a man and a woman
it is a contradiction to say two women embrace on the sidewalk.  Premise is a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk. It is contradiction to say two women embrace on the sidewalk because it is a contradiction to say two
it is not a statement about gender. It is a statement about the sidewalk.  The inference is that the man and woman are a couple. The inference is not that the man is a woman and the woman is
she is on a stage hula hooping.  Premise is a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon
it is not a statement about the girl. It is a statement about the stage. The stage is neutral to say a girl is on stage
she is wearing a blue leotard and hula hoops. Premise is entailment to say a girl is entertaining on stage because she is wearing a blue leotard
it is not a statement about the man's rank. The inference is that the man is speaking to the microphone.  The inference is not that the man is speaking to the microphone because he is a colonel. The inference is
it is a contradiction to say a woman soldier speaks into the microphone.  Premise is a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone. It is contradiction to say a woman soldier speaks into the microphone because it is
it is entailment to say a microphone is in an army uniform. Premise is entailment to say a microphone is in an army uniform because it is entailment to say a soldier is in an army uniform. Premise
some workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.  The inference is that workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.  The inference is that workers are scattered among the scaff
it is not a statement about the workers. It is a statement about the scaffolding.  Now, let's say we want to say that some window washers are preparing to start work. We can
there are workers on the scaffolding. Premise is workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building. It is entailment to say there are workers on the scaffolding because there are workers on the scaff
it is not a statement about the couple. It is a statement about the grass. The grass is not a couple. The grass is neutral. The grass is not having a picnic. The grass is neutral. The grass is not having a picnic.
grass is green. Premise is entailment to say people are outside because grass is green. Premise is entailment to say people are outside because grass is green. Premise is entailment to say people are outside because grass is green. Premise is
they are sitting in the grass.  Premise is a couple sits in the grass. It is contradiction to say a couple is at a restaurant because they are sitting in the grass.  Premise is a couple sits in the grass.
they are interacting. Premise is entailment to say a person is petting a dog because they are interacting. Premise is entailment to say a person is interacting with a dog because they are interacting. Prem
she is petting a dog outside.  The inference is that the woman is sitting at the vet's office with her dog.  The inference is that the woman is sitting at the vet's office
it is neutral to say a woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick. Premise is a woman is petting a dog outside. It is neutral to say a woman is rewarding a dog for
they are both in the air.  Premise is two male's in a karate class, one who is in
they are in a karate class.  Premise is two male's in a karate class, one who
he is a man.  The inference is that the man who is about to get kicked in the face is the
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the activity they are engaged in.  The same is true for natural language inference. Premise is two men in karate gear
it is entailment to say two men sparring with sticks. Premise is two men sparring with sticks. It is entailment to say two men sparring with sticks because it is entailment to say two men
they are not fighting.  Premise is two men in karate gear using fighting sticks. It is contradiction to say two men fist fighting in the street because they are not fighting.  Premise is two men in
he is a man. Premise is entailment.  Premise is entailment.
it is not clear what he is doing.  The inference is that he
he drank too much beer.  The inference is
the boy is playing soccer.  The inference is that the boy is playing soccer on the moon.  The inference is that the boy is playing soccer on the moon.  The inference is that the boy is
it is not a statement about the boy's race. However, if the boy is wearing shin guards, it is a statement about his race.  Premise is four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer. It is neutral to say
it is not a fact. It is a hypothesis.  Now, let's say we have a duck that is white and sitting on the water. It hears a gunshot. It is
it is impossible for wings to be intact when submerged.  The inference is that the duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.  The
it is a duck. Premise is a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water. It is entailment to say there is an animal in the water because it is a duck. Premise
she is getting a ruler for her birthday.  Premise is a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles. It is contradiction to say a girl at school getting a ruler
it is not a statement about the child. It is a statement about the party.  Now, we can say that the child is blowing out the candles. This is a statement about the child. It is
it is not a fact. It is a belief. The inference is that the boy is blowing out the candles because he wants to make a wish.  Premise: The boy is blowing out the candles because he wants
they are girls.  Now, we can use the same technique to infer the meaning of the sentence.  Premise: A group of girls jumping over another girl who
they are jumping over her.  Premise is a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. It is contradiction to say a gorup of girl is laying down because
they are jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. Premise is entailment to say a group of girls is jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor because they are playing. Prem
it is not stated. The inference is that they are romantically involved.  The inference is that they are romantically involved because it is not stated.  I think you're missing the
the female is standing on the back of the man.  The inference is that the two people are swimming.  The inference is that the two people are swimming.  The inference is that the
it is entailment to say there is a man on a bike.  Premise is man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck. It is entailment
she is preparing a meal.  The inference is that she is preparing a meal at a restaurant.  The inference is that she is walking in park because she is preparing a meal.  The
it is not a statement about the woman. It is a statement about the meal.  The inference is that the woman is preparing a meal. The inference is not that the woman is preparing a meal
it is entailment to say a woman is in a restaurant. It is entailment to say a woman is in a teal apron because it is entailment to say a woman is in a restaurant. It
tall humans are humans. It is not neutral to say tall humans working because tall humans are tall.  The inference is that tall humans are tall because they are working.  The inference is that tall humans are tall because
somebody is working.  The inference is that somebody is working.  The inference is that somebody is working.  The inference is that somebody is working.  The inference is that somebody is working.
of train. Premise is two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work. It is entailment to say humans working because of train. Premise is two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do
it is not a statement about the busker. It is a statement about the hat.  The same goes for the sentence "A man is wearing a hat". It is
he is playing an accordion. Premise is entailment to say a man is wearing a hat because he is sitting in a chair. Premise is entailment to say a
he is sitting in a chair.  The inference is that the man is playing accordion.  The inference is that the man is playing accordion.  The inference is
they are not family members.  The inference is that family members are standing outside.  The inference is that family members are standing outside.  The inference is that family members are standing outside.  The inference is that family members are standing
they are waiting for someone. It is entailment to say they are waiting for someone because they are family members. It is entailment to say they are family members because they are standing outside. It is entailment to say they are standing outside because
they are standing outside it. But it is not neutral to say they own the home because they are standing outside it.  Premise is family members standing outside a home. It is neutral to say they own the home because they are standing outside it.
they are sitting along the road. The gondola operators are sitting along the road because they are taking a work break. The gondola operators are taking a work break because they are sitting along
they are sitting in the water.  The inference is that the gondola operators are in the water pushing their boats.  The inference is that the gondola operators
they are in uniform. The gondola operators are in uniform because they are in uniform. The gondola operators are in uniform because they are in uniform. The gondola operators are in uniform because
it is true. But it is not neutral to say a boy drags a sled up the hill because it is false. The boy drags a sled up the hill is true because it is true. The boy dr
a boy drags his sled.  The inference is that the boy drags his sled. The inference is that the boy drags his sled because the boy drags his sled.  The inference is that the boy dr
it is entailment to say a boy drags a sled because it is entailment to say a boy drags a sled because it is entailment to say a boy drags a sled because it is entailment to say a
it is not a statement about the men themselves. It is a statement about the scene.  The inference is that the man wearing glasses
the park is empty.  The inference is that the man playing guitar is the man wearing glasses.  The inference is
the premise says so.  The inference is natural because it is
they are both white.  Premise is a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture. It is entailment to say a girl dancing and
they are wearing white clothes.  The inference is that the photographer is taking the picture of the dancer.  The inference is that the dancer is dancing.  The inference is that
it is not a statement about gender.  Now, let's say we have a sentence like "Premise is dancing". It is not a statement about gender because it
it is not a statement about the women themselves. It is a statement about the observation.  Now, let's say that the women are looking at a flower and they are looking at it together. It is not neutral to say they
they are observing something together.  The inference is that they are observing something together.  The inference is that they are observing something together.  The inference is that they are observing something together.  The inference is that
it is entailment to say two girls are looking at something. Premise is two women are looking at something together. Premise is two women are looking at something together. Premise is two women are looking at something together. Premise is
he is wearing a leather jacket.  The inference is that the man is wearing a leather jacket because he is flying a kite.  The inference is that the man is wearing
he is wearing a black leather jacket and holding a book.  Premise is a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom. It is
it is not a statement about the man himself. It is a statement about the classroom.  Now, let's say we have a sentence that says "The man in the black
