Premise is this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church. Hypothesis is the church has cracks in the ceiling. The label is neutral.
Premise is this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church. Hypothesis is the church is filled with song. The label is entailment.
Premise is this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church. Hypothesis is a choir singing at a baseball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin. Hypothesis is the woman is young. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin. Hypothesis is the woman is very happy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin. Hypothesis is the woman has been shot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement. Hypothesis is a man poses in front of an ad. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement. Hypothesis is a man poses in front of an ad for beer. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement. Hypothesis is a man walks by an ad. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at. Hypothesis is the statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display. The label is neutral.
Premise is a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at. Hypothesis is there is a statue that not many people seem to be interested in. The label is entailment.
Premise is a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at. Hypothesis is tons of people are gathered around the statue. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a land rover is being driven across a river. Hypothesis is a land rover is splashing water as it crosses a river. The label is entailment.
Premise is a land rover is being driven across a river. Hypothesis is a vehicle is crossing a river. The label is entailment.
Premise is a land rover is being driven across a river. Hypothesis is a sedan is stuck in the middle of a river. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing an electric guitar on stage. Hypothesis is a man playing banjo on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing an electric guitar on stage. Hypothesis is a man playing guitar on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing an electric guitar on stage. Hypothesis is a man is performing for cash. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals. Hypothesis is a doctor is looking at a book The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals. Hypothesis is a man is eating pb and j The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals. Hypothesis is a doctor is studying The label is neutral.
Premise is one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground. Hypothesis is a boy runs into a wall The label is contradiction.
Premise is one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground. Hypothesis is a tan girl runs leans over an object The label is entailment.
Premise is one tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground. Hypothesis is a man watches his daughter leap The label is neutral.
Premise is a young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet. Hypothesis is a young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet. Hypothesis is a family is out at a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet. Hypothesis is a family is at the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple walk hand in hand down a street. Hypothesis is a couple is walking together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple walk hand in hand down a street. Hypothesis is the couple is married. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple walk hand in hand down a street. Hypothesis is a couple is sitting on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera. Hypothesis is three people sit by a busy street bareheaded. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera. Hypothesis is three hood wearing people pose for a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 young man in hoods standing in the middle of a quiet street facing the camera. Hypothesis is three hood wearing people stand in a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting. Hypothesis is the man is inside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting. Hypothesis is the man is reading the sportspage. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting. Hypothesis is the man is climbing a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three firefighter come out of subway station. Hypothesis is three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station. The label is neutral.
Premise is three firefighter come out of subway station. Hypothesis is three firefighters coming up from a subway station. The label is entailment.
Premise is three firefighter come out of subway station. Hypothesis is three firefighters playing cards inside a fire station. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground. Hypothesis is a person is near a pile of coconuts. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground. Hypothesis is a person is selling coconuts. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground. Hypothesis is a person is burning a straw hat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass. Hypothesis is the guy in yellow is rolling on the grass The label is contradiction.
Premise is male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass. Hypothesis is the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass The label is entailment.
Premise is male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass. Hypothesis is the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap. The label is neutral.
Premise is during calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse. Hypothesis is a first time roper falls off his horse. The label is neutral.
Premise is during calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse. Hypothesis is a man ropes a calf successfully. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment. Hypothesis is a boy is on a playground. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment. Hypothesis is the boy is playing on the swings after school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment. Hypothesis is the boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth. Hypothesis is an archeologist wearing a hat squats to examine the site for a dig The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth. Hypothesis is a squatting woman wearing a hat touching the ground. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them. Hypothesis is two children are building a brick furnace. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them. Hypothesis is two children are playing catch at a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them. Hypothesis is two children are on a rug. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side. Hypothesis is a guy near a building stands by two other men The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side. Hypothesis is two girls walk through a hall The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side. Hypothesis is a busy man stands with bodyguards The label is neutral.
Premise is the two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors. Hypothesis is girls are playing outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is the two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors. Hypothesis is two girls play dress up indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors. Hypothesis is the two girls play in the autumn. The label is neutral.
Premise is people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope. Hypothesis is some people look visually afraid to jump. The label is neutral.
Premise is people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope. Hypothesis is people are jumping outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope. Hypothesis is people slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow Hypothesis is a snow field with a snowboarder on it The label is entailment.
Premise is a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow Hypothesis is a snowboarder gliding over a field of snow The label is neutral.
Premise is a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow Hypothesis is a snowmobile in a blizzard The label is neutral.
Premise is an older women tending to a garden. Hypothesis is the lady is cooking dinner The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older women tending to a garden. Hypothesis is the lady is weeding her garden The label is neutral.
Premise is an older women tending to a garden. Hypothesis is the lady has a garden The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance. Hypothesis is a man destroys a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance. Hypothesis is a man watches bike repairs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance. Hypothesis is a man learns bike maintenance. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a red shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop. Hypothesis is a man is in a black shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop. Hypothesis is a man is deciding which bike to buy The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background. Hypothesis is a person is in a garage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background. Hypothesis is a man repairs bicycles. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looking over a bicycle's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background. Hypothesis is a man waits outside a garage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair. Hypothesis is some people stand around. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair. Hypothesis is people run together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people sit on a bench at a station, the man looks oddly at the two women, the redheaded women looks up and forward in an awkward position, and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hair. Hypothesis is people wait at a station. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow. Hypothesis is a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child The label is entailment.
Premise is a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow. Hypothesis is a child wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow. Hypothesis is a child wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street. Hypothesis is a lady sitting on a bench in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street. Hypothesis is an old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street. Hypothesis is a person outside pushing a stroller. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow. Hypothesis is a pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow. Hypothesis is a cat washes his face and whiskers with his front paw. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow. Hypothesis is an animal is outside in the cold weather, playing with a plastic toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy. Hypothesis is people at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy. Hypothesis is people are talking underneath a covering. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy. Hypothesis is people are screaming at a boxing match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl playing a violin along with a group of people Hypothesis is a girl is washing a load of laundry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl playing a violin along with a group of people Hypothesis is a girl is playing an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl playing a violin along with a group of people Hypothesis is a group of people are playing in a symphony. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin. Hypothesis is a woman is playing a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin. Hypothesis is a woman is playing the violin. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman within an orchestra is playing a violin. Hypothesis is a man is looking in a telescope. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera. Hypothesis is three men going to work The label is neutral.
Premise is three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera. Hypothesis is three men look at the camera The label is entailment.
Premise is three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera. Hypothesis is three men sleeping in a tent The label is contradiction.
Premise is a ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car. Hypothesis is a car making a right turn had three pedestrians cross behind it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car. Hypothesis is a sedan was turning a corner as walkers were crossing. The label is neutral.
Premise is three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car. Hypothesis is there are three boys The label is entailment.
Premise is three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car. Hypothesis is there are three girls The label is contradiction.
Premise is three boys in white shirts are walking behind an older model ford car. Hypothesis is the boys are on the street The label is entailment.
Premise is three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps. Hypothesis is some people are blowing out candles The label is entailment.
Premise is three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps. Hypothesis is there are three girls and a cake The label is entailment.
Premise is three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of peeps. Hypothesis is there are peeps in the garden. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building. Hypothesis is the crowd is calling for help for the people on the roof. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building. Hypothesis is the crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof's edge. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building. Hypothesis is three people are climbing down the ladder on the building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman working long hours. Hypothesis is a woman is working in a factory. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman working long hours. Hypothesis is a woman is working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman working long hours. Hypothesis is a woman is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two teenage girls conversing next to lockers. Hypothesis is girls talking next to the toilet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two teenage girls conversing next to lockers. Hypothesis is people talking next to lockers. The label is entailment.
Premise is two teenage girls conversing next to lockers. Hypothesis is girls talking about their problems next to lockers. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground. Hypothesis is an elderly female is stalking a male. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground. Hypothesis is two people are sleeping on the train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another. Hypothesis is two kids are hugging after surviving a horrible car wreck. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another. Hypothesis is two kids are hugging. The label is entailment.
Premise is two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another. Hypothesis is two kids are running down a highway. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other. Hypothesis is a couple of child relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is 2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other. Hypothesis is two kids were hugging. The label is entailment.
Premise is 2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other. Hypothesis is two youths were pushing each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street. Hypothesis is a large number of people wearing black walking down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street. Hypothesis is a large number of men walking down the street in red and white. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street. Hypothesis is a large number of people walking on a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars Hypothesis is the man is test driving a motorcycle to decide whether or not he will buy it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars Hypothesis is a man is riding a motorcycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars Hypothesis is a man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women of india performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes. Hypothesis is indian women perform together in gorgeous costumes The label is entailment.
Premise is women of india performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes. Hypothesis is dogs sniff the air The label is contradiction.
Premise is women of india performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes. Hypothesis is indian women are performing a religious ritual together The label is neutral.
Premise is a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land. Hypothesis is a person is swimming. The label is entailment.
Premise is a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land. Hypothesis is the swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land. Hypothesis is the swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a fast current. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water. Hypothesis is a man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water. Hypothesis is a person is walking out of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water. Hypothesis is a man is laying on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass. Hypothesis is the extended family hike together on their family reunion. The label is neutral.
Premise is five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass. Hypothesis is the three men sit and talk about their lives. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass. Hypothesis is there are people outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall. Hypothesis is a woman paints a portrait of her best friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall. Hypothesis is a woman paints a portrait of a person. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall. Hypothesis is a woman paints a portrait of a monkey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face. Hypothesis is there is a woman painting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face. Hypothesis is there is a woman painting for fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is painting a mural of a woman's face. Hypothesis is there is a man tying his shoes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something. Hypothesis is a couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something. Hypothesis is the man is pointing at a purse snatcher. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something. Hypothesis is people are eating at a table outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area. Hypothesis is the women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike The label is neutral.
Premise is two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area. Hypothesis is the women were picking berries in the countryside The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area. Hypothesis is the women were walking downtown The label is entailment.
Premise is many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says 'hi-pointe.' Hypothesis is the people are having a chat before going into the work building. The label is neutral.
Premise is many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says 'hi-pointe.' Hypothesis is the group of people aren't inide of the building. The label is entailment.
Premise is many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says 'hi-pointe.' Hypothesis is the people are sitting in the hotel lobby. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage. Hypothesis is a flight attendant is standing in front of passengers. The label is neutral.
Premise is the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage. Hypothesis is a flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff. The label is neutral.
Premise is the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage. Hypothesis is a woman is preparing drinks on an airplane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the girls walk down the street. Hypothesis is girls walk down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is the girls walk down the street. Hypothesis is girls set down in the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the girls walk down the street. Hypothesis is girls were going to the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike. Hypothesis is a man sitting in a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike. Hypothesis is a person standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike. Hypothesis is a man standing on his motorbike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead. Hypothesis is the man puts something on the other mans head. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead. Hypothesis is the women are at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead. Hypothesis is the men are at church. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches. Hypothesis is two people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches. Hypothesis is a person stares at an empty hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches. Hypothesis is a child in a wagon rolls down a hill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation. Hypothesis is a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation as construction occurs The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation. Hypothesis is a girl is leaning against the wall The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation. Hypothesis is a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation The label is entailment.
Premise is bruce springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall. Hypothesis is bruce springsteen is from florida. The label is neutral.
Premise is bruce springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall. Hypothesis is bruce springsteen is a singer. The label is entailment.
Premise is bruce springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall. Hypothesis is bruce springsteen is gay The label is neutral.
Premise is six dogs swimming in a river. Hypothesis is six dogs swim across the river. The label is neutral.
Premise is six dogs swimming in a river. Hypothesis is six dogs are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is six dogs swimming in a river. Hypothesis is the puppies are setting on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them. Hypothesis is a man and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrested. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them. Hypothesis is a man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them. Hypothesis is a man and woman take selfies of themselves. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people dancing together. Hypothesis is people are dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people dancing together. Hypothesis is they are doing the tango. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people dancing together. Hypothesis is no one is dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus. Hypothesis is men sit on the bus. The label is entailment.
Premise is men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus. Hypothesis is men sit on the bus going to work, The label is neutral.
Premise is men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus. Hypothesis is men drive the bus into the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men climbing on a wooden scaffold. Hypothesis is two people climbing on a wooden scaffold. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men climbing on a wooden scaffold. Hypothesis is two women climbing on a wooden scaffold. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men climbing on a wooden scaffold. Hypothesis is two sad men climbing on a wooden scaffold. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bird is flapping its wings on the water. Hypothesis is the bird is flying over the trees. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bird is flapping its wings on the water. Hypothesis is the duck is swimming in the lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing in a feild. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing video games indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground. Hypothesis is they are going fishing. The label is neutral.
Premise is six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground. Hypothesis is six or seven people are standing on a pier. The label is entailment.
Premise is six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground. Hypothesis is they are in a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over. Hypothesis is a person wears a red shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over. Hypothesis is the person is a woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over. Hypothesis is the person is wearing a green shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this child is on the library steps. Hypothesis is the child is on the school steps. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this child is on the library steps. Hypothesis is the child is on the steps. The label is entailment.
Premise is this child is on the library steps. Hypothesis is the child is on the steps inside the library. The label is neutral.
Premise is the tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball. Hypothesis is the man is playing football.. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball. Hypothesis is the person is playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball. Hypothesis is the player has a tattoo that says mother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection. Hypothesis is a boy in a red hood is happy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection. Hypothesis is the boy doesn't want to see his reflection. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection. Hypothesis is the boy is upset. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a gray cap. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a blue cap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt. Hypothesis is the man is cold. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow. Hypothesis is an old woman has a light jean jacket. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow. Hypothesis is an old woman has a jean jacket. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow. Hypothesis is an old woman has no jacket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves. Hypothesis is the couple is having fun. The label is entailment.
Premise is a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves. Hypothesis is the couple just got married. The label is entailment.
Premise is a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves. Hypothesis is the couple is divorced. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city. Hypothesis is the man is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city. Hypothesis is the man is moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big city. Hypothesis is the man is wearing work attire and is walking to his job. The label is entailment.
Premise is several younger people sitting in front of a statue. Hypothesis is several young people sitting outside The label is neutral.
Premise is several younger people sitting in front of a statue. Hypothesis is several young people are sitting in an auditorium The label is contradiction.
Premise is several younger people sitting in front of a statue. Hypothesis is several young people sitting in a school courtyard The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath. Hypothesis is the childs mom is watching her son with her friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath. Hypothesis is people are in the house. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath. Hypothesis is the child is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a goofy looking woman is singing on stage. Hypothesis is a woman is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a goofy looking woman is singing on stage. Hypothesis is a woman is reciting poetry on the stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a goofy looking woman is singing on stage. Hypothesis is a blonde woman is singing and dancing on the stage. The label is neutral.
Premise is the girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow. Hypothesis is a woman is eating pasta in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow. Hypothesis is the lady wearing a jacket is looking for her lost dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is the girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow. Hypothesis is the girl is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains. Hypothesis is a family on vacation is posing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains. Hypothesis is people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, woman, and child get their picture taken in front of the mountains. Hypothesis is a family is in their car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction Hypothesis is the people are standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction Hypothesis is people are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction Hypothesis is people are waiting in line at the restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor. Hypothesis is two couples eat food on a kitchen floor. The label is neutral.
Premise is four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor. Hypothesis is two couples play pool in a bar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor. Hypothesis is a group of people eat food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog standing near snow looking at water. Hypothesis is a cat is laying on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog standing near snow looking at water. Hypothesis is animal is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog standing near snow looking at water. Hypothesis is the dog is thinking about going to for a swim. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building. Hypothesis is an older man is leaning outside his nursing home The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building. Hypothesis is a young man is jogging The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building. Hypothesis is an older man leans outside a building The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance. Hypothesis is a person is sitting at a baseball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance. Hypothesis is someone is standing near a metro station. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance. Hypothesis is a person is waiting for a train. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy. Hypothesis is the girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy. Hypothesis is the girl in a blue dress is a flower girl at a wedding. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy. Hypothesis is the girl is eating while barefoot. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement. Hypothesis is the man is asian The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement. Hypothesis is the man is playing The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement. Hypothesis is the man is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on. Hypothesis is a man is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on. Hypothesis is a crowd is watching someone play basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on. Hypothesis is a famous nba player is playing street ball in front of a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons. Hypothesis is a group of people are standing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons. Hypothesis is an angry military veteran watches as people protest the war. The label is neutral.
Premise is a frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons. Hypothesis is a man is watching a group of people having a hot dog eating contest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag. Hypothesis is a woman on a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag. Hypothesis is a woman riding a bike to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag. Hypothesis is a woman driving a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail. Hypothesis is a young person on a skateboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail. Hypothesis is a man painting a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail. Hypothesis is a young boy showing his new skateboard tricks to his friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him. Hypothesis is he is wearing a button-up shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him. Hypothesis is his bald head is exposed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is crouching on a handrail. The label is entailment.
Premise is girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel. Hypothesis is a girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time. The label is neutral.
Premise is girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel. Hypothesis is girl in a black coat stays indoors away from the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel. Hypothesis is a girl outside plays in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people gathered at night watching an event. Hypothesis is the group of friends are asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people gathered at night watching an event. Hypothesis is a group of humans are looking at the same direction. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people gathered at night watching an event. Hypothesis is a group of friends are watching the music concert at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is the american footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white. Hypothesis is the football player is under duress. The label is entailment.
Premise is the american footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white. Hypothesis is the american football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white. The label is entailment.
Premise is the american footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white. Hypothesis is the basketball player shoots a three pointer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd. Hypothesis is a person is enjoying a sporting event. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd. Hypothesis is a person is dancing and singing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd. Hypothesis is a person is standing outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl holding a beverage points at a painting. Hypothesis is the girl is in the bathtub The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl holding a beverage points at a painting. Hypothesis is the girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl holding a beverage points at a painting. Hypothesis is the girl has a beverage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag. Hypothesis is a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up the old meat he took out of a bag. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag. Hypothesis is a woman in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag. Hypothesis is a man in a shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower. Hypothesis is a person in red is swimming in the olympics. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower. Hypothesis is a person in red is moving grass on a john deer motor. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower. Hypothesis is a person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle. Hypothesis is a group of people go down the road in a convertible. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle. Hypothesis is the driver was wearing a purple shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle. Hypothesis is froends ride in an open top vehicle together. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men prepare a fish at a dock. Hypothesis is two men have just come in from fishing all day The label is neutral.
Premise is two men prepare a fish at a dock. Hypothesis is two men are cleaning their fish The label is entailment.
Premise is two men prepare a fish at a dock. Hypothesis is two men are sitting in a canoe with their fishing poles The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror. Hypothesis is the woman is a model. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror. Hypothesis is the woman has something on her face. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror. Hypothesis is the woman is blind. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a tank top. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter. Hypothesis is the man is from alaska. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter. Hypothesis is the person behind the counter is a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large group of people walking in a busy city at night. Hypothesis is people are eating lunch in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large group of people walking in a busy city at night. Hypothesis is people are walking a city. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large group of people walking in a busy city at night. Hypothesis is people are outside in a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting in a room with other people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people. Hypothesis is a woman is on her phone sitting in a room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people. Hypothesis is a man is fixing his car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a softball player throws the ball to her teammate. Hypothesis is teammates are competing in a softballs championship. The label is neutral.
Premise is a softball player throws the ball to her teammate. Hypothesis is two people are playing softball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a softball player throws the ball to her teammate. Hypothesis is two softball players are sitting on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a biker races. Hypothesis is a person is riding a bike The label is entailment.
Premise is a biker races. Hypothesis is the biker loses the race The label is neutral.
Premise is a biker races. Hypothesis is the car is yellow The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat. Hypothesis is there are two little boys smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat. Hypothesis is the little boys are crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat. Hypothesis is the boys are siblings playing with each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work. Hypothesis is the men caught many fish. The label is neutral.
Premise is island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work. Hypothesis is the men did not go to work today but instead played bridge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work. Hypothesis is the men are finishing their day of work. The label is entailment.
Premise is these are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole. Hypothesis is the plants are ferns The label is neutral.
Premise is these are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole. Hypothesis is the adults are young The label is entailment.
Premise is these are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole. Hypothesis is the adults are old The label is contradiction.
Premise is two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback. Hypothesis is two teams from rival colleges are in the fourth quarter of a game. The label is neutral.
Premise is two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback. Hypothesis is some girls playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback. Hypothesis is a college football game. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball. Hypothesis is a lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback before he makes the game winning touchdown. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball. Hypothesis is a pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people are playing american football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball. Hypothesis is a game of football is being played. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing billiards at a bar. Hypothesis is a man is playing with friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing billiards at a bar. Hypothesis is a man is playing billiards. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing billiards at a bar. Hypothesis is a man is playing checkers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach. Hypothesis is the dogs are friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach. Hypothesis is the dogs are refusing to share. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach. Hypothesis is the golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall. Hypothesis is the people are going up on the escalator. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall. Hypothesis is people are taking the elevator. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall. Hypothesis is people are riding on the escalator. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand. Hypothesis is a woman is at work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand. Hypothesis is a woman is doing something with her hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting with empty hands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy is riding down the road between two cows. Hypothesis is a boy rides a horse by two cows. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy is riding down the road between two cows. Hypothesis is a boy, a road and two cows. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy is riding down the road between two cows. Hypothesis is a single cow is alone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a birthday party for many little people to enjoy. Hypothesis is children enjoying a birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a birthday party for many little people to enjoy. Hypothesis is children are running down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a birthday party for many little people to enjoy. Hypothesis is children at a birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men. Hypothesis is there are more females than males. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men. Hypothesis is the performers are playing bagpipes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are five singers on a stage, three women and two men. Hypothesis is the people performing are part of a chorus. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are standing in a boat. Hypothesis is some men are standing on top of a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are standing in a boat. Hypothesis is a few men are fishing on a boat. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are standing in a boat. Hypothesis is some people are in a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit. Hypothesis is a person drying clothes The label is entailment.
Premise is young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit. Hypothesis is nobody is drying clothes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing. Hypothesis is the child is riding a swing in the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing. Hypothesis is a child rides a swing in the daytime. The label is entailment.
Premise is the sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing. Hypothesis is the child on the swing is a girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing. Hypothesis is people are milling about the city street. The label is entailment.
Premise is everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing. Hypothesis is the people are watching what is happening. The label is contradiction.
Premise is everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing. Hypothesis is people are conducting business in the city. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick. Hypothesis is the man is cooking food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick. Hypothesis is the man is in the kitchen of a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick. Hypothesis is the man is washing his car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket. Hypothesis is a woman plays tennis. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket. Hypothesis is serina williams plays tennis. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket. Hypothesis is pete sampras plays tennis. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several women are playing volleyball. Hypothesis is they women are hitting a ball with their arms The label is entailment.
Premise is several women are playing volleyball. Hypothesis is this doesn't look like soccer The label is entailment.
Premise is several women are playing volleyball. Hypothesis is a bunch of women are playing volleyball The label is entailment.
Premise is two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches. Hypothesis is volleyball match is in progress between ladies The label is entailment.
Premise is two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches. Hypothesis is 12 ladies play volleyball The label is neutral.
Premise is two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches. Hypothesis is ten boys play cricket The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders. Hypothesis is a mother and her son ride bikes with others down a street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders. Hypothesis is a group of people are changing a bike tire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders. Hypothesis is a group of people ride bikes together down a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets. Hypothesis is a group of friends are biking through a street, all wearing their helmets The label is neutral.
Premise is people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets. Hypothesis is a group of friends are grabbing their bikes, getting ready for the morning bike ride The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets. Hypothesis is a group of bicyclists are on a street outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle eastern marketplace. Hypothesis is a middle easten store. The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle eastern marketplace. Hypothesis is an american theater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a middle eastern marketplace. Hypothesis is a foreign store. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle. Hypothesis is a woman sees a bicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle. Hypothesis is a woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle. Hypothesis is a woman in green sleeps on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle. Hypothesis is the men are musicians The label is entailment.
Premise is four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle. Hypothesis is the men are asleep in the motel The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle. Hypothesis is four men play drums The label is entailment.
Premise is young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background. Hypothesis is young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background. Hypothesis is young boys waiting for their soccer game. The label is neutral.
Premise is young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background. Hypothesis is young boys kicking around a soccer ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose. Hypothesis is the man is testing the bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose. Hypothesis is the man is driving a truck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose. Hypothesis is the man is riding a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy and a girl look down a mountain range. Hypothesis is the people look at the mountains. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy and a girl look down a mountain range. Hypothesis is the couple is going to climb the mountains. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy and a girl look down a mountain range. Hypothesis is the people look into the sky. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building. Hypothesis is the man is pacing nervously. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building. Hypothesis is the man can hear the construction going on. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building. Hypothesis is a man can is on the phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy hits a tennis ball on a court. Hypothesis is a girl is hitting the ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy hits a tennis ball on a court. Hypothesis is the boy is good at tennis. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy hits a tennis ball on a court. Hypothesis is a boy is hitting a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a golden retriever nurses puppies. Hypothesis is a golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies The label is neutral.
Premise is a golden retriever nurses puppies. Hypothesis is puppies next to their mother The label is entailment.
Premise is a golden retriever nurses puppies. Hypothesis is a cat nurses puppies The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread. Hypothesis is the young man is at his grandmothers house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread. Hypothesis is the railing is in front of a frozen lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread. Hypothesis is the man spreads his arms while standing in front of a railing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb. Hypothesis is a man was wearing a jacket in winter. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb. Hypothesis is someone wearing a cotton shirt was looking at a green hair comb. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb. Hypothesis is a man was wearing a jacket while holding a comb. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread. Hypothesis is the man pleads for mercy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread. Hypothesis is the man is upright. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread. Hypothesis is the man sits crosslegged on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence. Hypothesis is the man wearing the vest is walking down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a vest. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence. Hypothesis is the man wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa. The label is contradiction.
Premise is these girls are having a great time looking for seashells. Hypothesis is the girls are happy. The label is entailment.
Premise is these girls are having a great time looking for seashells. Hypothesis is the girls are taking a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is these girls are having a great time looking for seashells. Hypothesis is the girls are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him. Hypothesis is a man is playing an instrument on the street near other people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him. Hypothesis is a man is trying to earn money by playing for other people on the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him. Hypothesis is a woman is flying crosscountry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle. Hypothesis is two people are talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle. Hypothesis is three people are having a meeting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle. Hypothesis is two people are discussing their relationship. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it. Hypothesis is a small boy runs through the corn field The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it. Hypothesis is a small boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it. Hypothesis is a small boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled The label is entailment.
Premise is four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk. Hypothesis is people and a baby riding the bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk. Hypothesis is people and a baby crossing the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk. Hypothesis is people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk to get home. The label is neutral.
Premise is two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer. Hypothesis is two people are standing on the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer. Hypothesis is two women in dresses are getting ready for the picnic. The label is neutral.
Premise is two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer. Hypothesis is the women are having a conversation at the office, The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower. Hypothesis is the woman is a professional photographer The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower. Hypothesis is the flower is blue The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower. Hypothesis is a woman is taking pictures The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces. Hypothesis is four kids pose on a beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces. Hypothesis is four kids pose during summer vacation. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces. Hypothesis is a man stirs the stew. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television. Hypothesis is some men are watching tv at a bar. The label is entailment.
Premise is several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television. Hypothesis is there are men drinking beer at a sports bar. The label is neutral.
Premise is several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television. Hypothesis is the men are at a baseball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background Hypothesis is two men are wearing lime green jackets. The label is entailment.
Premise is two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background Hypothesis is two men are placing construction cones in preparation of a new pipeline building. The label is neutral.
Premise is two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background Hypothesis is a woman chastises another. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her. Hypothesis is an artist relaxes in her studio. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her. Hypothesis is there is a person in a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her. Hypothesis is a woman is asleep while moonlight filters in the window. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower. Hypothesis is the children are martial arts students. The label is neutral.
Premise is children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower. Hypothesis is the kids crawl in sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower. Hypothesis is children in uniforms climb a tower. The label is entailment.
Premise is some dogs are running on a deserted beach. Hypothesis is they are in hawaii. The label is neutral.
Premise is some dogs are running on a deserted beach. Hypothesis is there is only one dog at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some dogs are running on a deserted beach. Hypothesis is there are multiple dogs present. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians. Hypothesis is there alot of motorcyclists on this road. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians. Hypothesis is there are many pedestrians on the city street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians. Hypothesis is the pedistrians are waiting for a parade to come through this busy street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving. Hypothesis is a woman is ironing red pants. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving. Hypothesis is a woman is weaving. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls. Hypothesis is a group of people are inside watching a hockey game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls. Hypothesis is a bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls. Hypothesis is a group of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fishes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street. Hypothesis is a woman is protesting in the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street. Hypothesis is a woman is on the ground outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street. Hypothesis is a woman is riding a bicycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding a baby who is petting a pony. Hypothesis is a man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a baby who is petting a pony. Hypothesis is a man with a baby is petting a pony. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man holding a baby who is petting a pony. Hypothesis is a man and his daughter are petting a pony. The label is neutral.
Premise is men sitting on the side of a brick road. Hypothesis is me are sitting on the side of a road The label is entailment.
Premise is men sitting on the side of a brick road. Hypothesis is the side of the road is empty. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men sitting on the side of a brick road. Hypothesis is men are talking on the side of the road The label is neutral.
Premise is a black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water. Hypothesis is a dog is going to get wet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water. Hypothesis is a black dog wearing a blue collar is chasing something into the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water. Hypothesis is a dog is avoiding the water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy. Hypothesis is a girl is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy. Hypothesis is a girl is standing outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy. Hypothesis is everyone is sitting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is many children play in the water. Hypothesis is the children are at camp. The label is neutral.
Premise is many children play in the water. Hypothesis is some kids splash in the water and interact with each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is many children play in the water. Hypothesis is the children are playing mini golf. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation. Hypothesis is the kids are singing in a choir The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation. Hypothesis is the kids are in deep water The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation. Hypothesis is they are wearing lifejackets The label is neutral.
Premise is a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage. Hypothesis is a woman climber attempts to pull herself up The label is contradiction.
Premise is a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage. Hypothesis is a climber pulls himself up some rocks The label is entailment.
Premise is a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage. Hypothesis is a climber pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery. Hypothesis is a man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery. Hypothesis is a man has on climbing gear. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery. Hypothesis is a man is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two formally dressed, bald older women Hypothesis is two bald women. The label is entailment.
Premise is two formally dressed, bald older women Hypothesis is two bald women with glasses. The label is neutral.
Premise is two formally dressed, bald older women Hypothesis is two long-haired young women. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart. Hypothesis is a man has a shopping cart The label is entailment.
Premise is a homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart. Hypothesis is a man is collecting cans to recycle The label is neutral.
Premise is a homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart. Hypothesis is a rich man holding a rolex The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old shoemaker in his factory Hypothesis is the shoemaker is inside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old shoemaker in his factory Hypothesis is the shoemaker is getting ready for his 16th birthday. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old shoemaker in his factory Hypothesis is the shoemaker is wealthy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper. Hypothesis is a woman speaks to other women. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper. Hypothesis is a blond speaks with a group of young dark-haired woman students carrying pieces of paper. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper. Hypothesis is a man hits on a woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her. Hypothesis is someone giving out paper. The label is entailment.
Premise is the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her. Hypothesis is the woman is giving homework to the children. The label is neutral.
Premise is the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her. Hypothesis is woman is keeping the paper to herself. The label is contradiction.
Premise is girl in red jumping up Hypothesis is the girl is jumping to catch the frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is girl in red jumping up Hypothesis is the girl is sitting on the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is girl in red jumping up Hypothesis is the girl in red is in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running. Hypothesis is there are ladies running. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running. Hypothesis is the ladies are riding bikes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running. Hypothesis is the ladies are in a marathon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water. Hypothesis is a boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water. Hypothesis is a boy is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water. Hypothesis is a boy is in danger of falling into water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river. Hypothesis is nobody is balancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river. Hypothesis is a clever person balancing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river. Hypothesis is a person balancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park. Hypothesis is a guy with a skateboard is looking at a park to skateboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park. Hypothesis is a girl with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park. Hypothesis is a guy is going skateboarding today. The label is neutral.
Premise is young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing soccer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow. Hypothesis is a young boy is sleeping at a sleep over. The label is neutral.
Premise is young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow. Hypothesis is a young boy is sleeping on a pillow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper. Hypothesis is he is wearing the newspaper on his head. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper. Hypothesis is he is reading the newspaper. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper. Hypothesis is he is jewish. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign. Hypothesis is a human jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign. Hypothesis is nobody is jumping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign. Hypothesis is a tall human jumping. The label is neutral.
Premise is four children are playing in some water. Hypothesis is the children are muddy. The label is neutral.
Premise is four children are playing in some water. Hypothesis is the children are wet. The label is entailment.
Premise is four children are playing in some water. Hypothesis is the children are doing chores. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four young girls playing in the water. Hypothesis is four girls are in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is four young girls playing in the water. Hypothesis is there are boys and girl in the water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four young girls playing in the water. Hypothesis is four girls are swimming. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something. Hypothesis is the man is walking away. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something. Hypothesis is the man is in a black shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something. Hypothesis is the man is throwing something to his son. The label is neutral.
Premise is one young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera. Hypothesis is someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie. The label is neutral.
Premise is one young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera. Hypothesis is a young boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera. Hypothesis is an adult using a video camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is boys with their backs against an incoming wave. Hypothesis is a group of people play in the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is boys with their backs against an incoming wave. Hypothesis is a group of people stand together. The label is entailment.
Premise is boys with their backs against an incoming wave. Hypothesis is a group of people sit on the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave. Hypothesis is a wave is about hit some boys. The label is entailment.
Premise is four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave. Hypothesis is the wave missed the boys. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave. Hypothesis is a giant wave is about to crash on some boys. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment. Hypothesis is a mother is helping her child complete the experiment. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment. Hypothesis is a woman is helping a girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work. Hypothesis is a lady is sleeping on a couch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work. Hypothesis is a lady is helping another woman work The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work. Hypothesis is two woman are trying to finish orders from a doctor The label is neutral.
Premise is one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket. Hypothesis is two men are fighting outside a bar. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket. Hypothesis is a woman puts on makeup The label is contradiction.
Premise is one man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket. Hypothesis is one guy kicks another. The label is entailment.
Premise is many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words 'the early november' on the wall. Hypothesis is parents gathers for a local high school concert The label is neutral.
Premise is many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words 'the early november' on the wall. Hypothesis is mob gathers as flutes fight to the death The label is contradiction.
Premise is many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words 'the early november' on the wall. Hypothesis is people leave as the concert is decides to charge per note The label is contradiction.
Premise is a hockey player in helmet. Hypothesis is players are wearing helmet. The label is neutral.
Premise is a hockey player in helmet. Hypothesis is the players are taking rest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a hockey player in helmet. Hypothesis is they are playing hockey The label is neutral.
Premise is man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also. Hypothesis is a man is wearing something. The label is entailment.
Premise is man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also. Hypothesis is a man is wearing nothing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a blue shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is biker riding through the forest. Hypothesis is mountain biker competes in off-road race. The label is neutral.
Premise is biker riding through the forest. Hypothesis is man riding motorcycle on highway. The label is contradiction.
Premise is biker riding through the forest. Hypothesis is mountain biker enjoying the local trails. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a blue t-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him. Hypothesis is two men are recording a cooking tutorial. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a blue t-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him. Hypothesis is a man is in front of a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a blue t-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him. Hypothesis is two men are at the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap. Hypothesis is the couple are eating steak The label is neutral.
Premise is couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap. Hypothesis is some animals are asleep The label is entailment.
Premise is couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap. Hypothesis is there is a couple walking their dogs The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white duck expanding its wings in the water. Hypothesis is the duck is a rare breed, most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white duck expanding its wings in the water. Hypothesis is there is one animal in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white duck expanding its wings in the water. Hypothesis is the duck sleeps soundly, floating on top of the water The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street. Hypothesis is an elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street. Hypothesis is a person is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street. Hypothesis is a woman is walking towards a bus stop. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it. Hypothesis is a group of people wait The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it. Hypothesis is a person lies on the couch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it. Hypothesis is a group of people stand The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign. Hypothesis is the sign the woman is holding states that 'freedom is free.' The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign. Hypothesis is a group of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign. Hypothesis is a group of people dressed as clowns stroll into the bigtop circus holding signs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball. Hypothesis is the boy gets ready The label is entailment.
Premise is the little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball. Hypothesis is the boy is ten years old The label is neutral.
Premise is the little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball. Hypothesis is the boy is sleeping at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man and woman are sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man and woman are standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man and woman are married. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building. Hypothesis is the woman has an important meeting today in the building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building. Hypothesis is a dog is running up the steps of a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building. Hypothesis is there are several people outside of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps. Hypothesis is a father looks at his wife and son. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps. Hypothesis is a person is talking to a child while another person watches. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps. Hypothesis is a woman watches a mother speak to her young son. The label is neutral.
Premise is man and woman eating a hotdog. Hypothesis is a man and his family are eating pizza. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man and woman eating a hotdog. Hypothesis is a man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball game. The label is neutral.
Premise is man and woman eating a hotdog. Hypothesis is a man and woman are sharing a hotdog. The label is entailment.
Premise is an aisle at best buy with an employee standing at the computer and a geek squad sign in the background. Hypothesis is the employee is wearing a blue shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is an aisle at best buy with an employee standing at the computer and a geek squad sign in the background. Hypothesis is the employee is indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is an aisle at best buy with an employee standing at the computer and a geek squad sign in the background. Hypothesis is the employee is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built. Hypothesis is a man is hammering the final shingle on a roof. The label is neutral.
Premise is a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built. Hypothesis is a workman is helping put a roof on a house. The label is entailment.
Premise is a carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built. Hypothesis is a boy is jumping up and down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river. Hypothesis is there are people in an inflatable boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river. Hypothesis is the man has fallen out of the boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river. Hypothesis is seven men and women are in a yellow boat. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom. Hypothesis is the boys had unclean hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom. Hypothesis is they were playing soccer. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom. Hypothesis is the boys are bare-chested. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom. Hypothesis is the boys just won their soccer game The label is neutral.
Premise is two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom. Hypothesis is two boys washing their hands The label is entailment.
Premise is two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom. Hypothesis is the boys are in band uniforms The label is contradiction.
Premise is a naked man rides a bike. Hypothesis is a person biking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a naked man rides a bike. Hypothesis is a man in a suit walking on a sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a naked man rides a bike. Hypothesis is a naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign. Hypothesis is two men sit outdoors in an urban area. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign. Hypothesis is these two illiterate men convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign. Hypothesis is two research scientists conduct research in disguise. The label is neutral.
Premise is two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an 'out of luck' sign. Hypothesis is the dog is a chihuahua The label is neutral.
Premise is two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an 'out of luck' sign. Hypothesis is people with a dog The label is entailment.
Premise is two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash. Hypothesis is two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash. Hypothesis is two men own homes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash. Hypothesis is two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam Hypothesis is a woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam Hypothesis is a woman is napping in the gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam Hypothesis is a woman is using gymnastics equipment. The label is entailment.
Premise is six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain. Hypothesis is six people act together to get another, injured man on a transport in snowy terrain The label is entailment.
Premise is six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain. Hypothesis is six people act to save a seventh who is injured The label is entailment.
Premise is six rescuers cooperate to place an injured man on a transport device in snowy, mountainous terrain. Hypothesis is six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast. Hypothesis is the three women are best friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast. Hypothesis is the three women are looking into the forest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast. Hypothesis is the women are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat Hypothesis is a man getting ready to play golf. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat Hypothesis is a man wearing football pads. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat Hypothesis is a man in a hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter. Hypothesis is the woman is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter. Hypothesis is the woman has her hair pulled back in a bun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter. Hypothesis is the woman is seated on a beach towel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the boys are playing with legos. Hypothesis is boys are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is the boys are playing with legos. Hypothesis is boys are playing outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is the boys are playing with legos. Hypothesis is boys are playing chess. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart. Hypothesis is a father is buying his daughter ice cream. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart. Hypothesis is a couple is eating in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart. Hypothesis is people are buying food from a street vendor. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background. Hypothesis is some sailors get in a sailboat. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background. Hypothesis is some people put something in a boat in a place with more than one boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background. Hypothesis is a person drives away in a winnebago. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man holding torch of fire. Hypothesis is the man is holding a bag. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man holding torch of fire. Hypothesis is there is a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is man holding torch of fire. Hypothesis is the fire is large. The label is neutral.
Premise is villagers pulling in the fish boat. Hypothesis is the villagers are preparing to go fishing. The label is neutral.
Premise is villagers pulling in the fish boat. Hypothesis is the villagers are sitting around the camp fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is villagers pulling in the fish boat. Hypothesis is there are people pulling a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background. Hypothesis is the crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background. Hypothesis is the crowd of people are inside a mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background. Hypothesis is the crowd of people are shopping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming. Hypothesis is a child is screaming at the person that almost hit her taxi cab. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming. Hypothesis is a child is inside a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming. Hypothesis is a child is at home, resting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five children playing soccer chase after a ball. Hypothesis is they are playing football. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five children playing soccer chase after a ball. Hypothesis is five children are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is five children playing soccer chase after a ball. Hypothesis is there are ten total children playing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard. Hypothesis is a woman stands with her child The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard. Hypothesis is a dog barks loud The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard. Hypothesis is a woman stands with a child The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand. Hypothesis is a boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand. Hypothesis is a boy swims. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand. Hypothesis is a boy swims nude while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich. The label is contradiction.
Premise is here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party. Hypothesis is some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying. The label is neutral.
Premise is here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party. Hypothesis is some people are holding beers in the picture. The label is neutral.
Premise is here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party. Hypothesis is people were celebrating at a christmas themed party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives. Hypothesis is the street is alive with activity. The label is entailment.
Premise is a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives. Hypothesis is the street is quiet and calm. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives. Hypothesis is the morning rush hour fills the streets with busy people. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play. Hypothesis is the player is pretty The label is neutral.
Premise is a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play. Hypothesis is the player is flying planes The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play. Hypothesis is a player is waiting The label is entailment.
Premise is two people crossing by each other while kite surfing. Hypothesis is the people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people crossing by each other while kite surfing. Hypothesis is the people are both males. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people crossing by each other while kite surfing. Hypothesis is there is one person outdoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. Hypothesis is the people are unique. The label is neutral.
Premise is a variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. Hypothesis is the people are creative. The label is neutral.
Premise is a variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects. Hypothesis is the people are bickering about politics. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work. Hypothesis is the woman in black is being fired via text message. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work. Hypothesis is the woman in black has a job. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work. Hypothesis is the woman in black is not walking to work. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game. Hypothesis is a pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium The label is entailment.
Premise is a pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game. Hypothesis is a pitcher is playing baseball The label is entailment.
Premise is a pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game. Hypothesis is a man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset The label is contradiction.
Premise is a family walking with a soldier. Hypothesis is a few people walk with a man in uniform. The label is neutral.
Premise is a family walking with a soldier. Hypothesis is the barber cuts a man's hair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a family walking with a soldier. Hypothesis is a group of people strolling. The label is entailment.
Premise is violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater. Hypothesis is people are playing violin on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater. Hypothesis is people are playing the harmonica while standing on a roof. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge. Hypothesis is a mother and daughter are walking home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge. Hypothesis is a mother and daughter are eating spaghetti in a kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge. Hypothesis is a mother and daughter are walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is boy in midair on bicycle Hypothesis is the boy is falling off of his bicycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy in midair on bicycle Hypothesis is the boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit in the garage and collect rust. The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy in midair on bicycle Hypothesis is a boy is airborne on a bicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is three dogs running through a field. Hypothesis is three dogs are running The label is entailment.
Premise is three dogs running through a field. Hypothesis is the dogs are eating The label is contradiction.
Premise is three dogs running through a field. Hypothesis is three dogs are running in the daytime The label is neutral.
Premise is three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water. Hypothesis is three people are on a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water. Hypothesis is three lifeguards are haning from the boar, trying to save the dog from drowning. The label is neutral.
Premise is three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water. Hypothesis is 4 fisherman are hanging over the boat, trying to pet the shark The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks. Hypothesis is two people go to work in a blizzard The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks. Hypothesis is a guy with a blue top carries a pack and makes his way through snow The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks. Hypothesis is two men play with a snowman The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens. Hypothesis is the man is watching the stars The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a black shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens. Hypothesis is a man is looking through a telescope The label is entailment.
Premise is a female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street. Hypothesis is there are children in the streets. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street. Hypothesis is there are people on the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition, while spectators line the street. Hypothesis is the streets are empty. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is painting a picture outside behind a crowd. Hypothesis is a painter is creating a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is painting a picture outside behind a crowd. Hypothesis is a man is recreating the mona lisa outside in front of a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti. Hypothesis is a man does a flip off a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti. Hypothesis is a young man does a flip off a wall and wares baggie clothes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti. Hypothesis is a young man in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs run together near the leaves. Hypothesis is two dogs are running. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs run together near the leaves. Hypothesis is the two dogs are sleeping on the pile of leaves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs run together near the leaves. Hypothesis is the two dogs are running to play in the leaves. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton. Hypothesis is a man is doing things with a baton. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton. Hypothesis is a man throws a banana in the air. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton. Hypothesis is a man is trying his best at the national championship of baton. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium. Hypothesis is people wearing orange. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium. Hypothesis is a group of drag queens walking down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium. Hypothesis is fans cheering on their team at the big game. The label is entailment.
Premise is female gymnasts warm up before a competition. Hypothesis is gymnasts get ready for a competition. The label is entailment.
Premise is female gymnasts warm up before a competition. Hypothesis is football players practice. The label is contradiction.
Premise is female gymnasts warm up before a competition. Hypothesis is gymnasts get ready for the biggest competition of their life. The label is neutral.
Premise is dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a man is going to surprise his wife with dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a man is cooking something to eat. The label is entailment.
Premise is dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a man is sitting watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a worker peers out from atop a building under construction. Hypothesis is a person is atop of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a worker peers out from atop a building under construction. Hypothesis is the unemployed person is near a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a worker peers out from atop a building under construction. Hypothesis is a man is atop of a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present. Hypothesis is a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box The label is entailment.
Premise is a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present. Hypothesis is a child fights a bag, the bag is winning The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present. Hypothesis is a child opens a present on his birthday The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground. Hypothesis is a young boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground. Hypothesis is a child is playing in the sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground. Hypothesis is a child does a cannonball into a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys reading superhero books Hypothesis is two boys reading a book about spiderman. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys reading superhero books Hypothesis is two boys watching a superhero show. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys reading superhero books Hypothesis is two boys reading a piece of literature. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street. Hypothesis is the man is driving a limosine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street. Hypothesis is the man is driving a buggy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street. Hypothesis is the man is an amish man. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something. Hypothesis is a little male has clothes on with a pair of scissors in his hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something. Hypothesis is a blond little boy is cutting out little stars for his little sister. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something. Hypothesis is a blond little boy is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits. Hypothesis is the man is dressed in summer clothing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits. Hypothesis is the female awaiting the man leaping is his sister. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits. Hypothesis is the man in white and black is leaping. The label is entailment.
Premise is elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black. Hypothesis is the woman balancing a basket on her head is heading to her neighbors house. The label is neutral.
Premise is elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black. Hypothesis is elderly woman is balancing something on her head while having a conversation. The label is entailment.
Premise is blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene. Hypothesis is a tourist checking out seattle. The label is neutral.
Premise is blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene. Hypothesis is someone taking in the space needle view. The label is entailment.
Premise is blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene. Hypothesis is a man enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man looking over a sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is young The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man looking over a sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is at an art gallery The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man looking over a sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is old The label is entailment.
Premise is the soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red. Hypothesis is the soccer team in blue plays soccer. The label is entailment.
Premise is the soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red. Hypothesis is the blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season. The label is neutral.
Premise is the soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red. Hypothesis is a soccer team hangs out in the locker room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other. Hypothesis is two children are sleeping at daycare The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other. Hypothesis is two children are sitting shirtless indoors The label is neutral.
Premise is two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other. Hypothesis is two young children are playing with each other and giggling while playing with markers The label is neutral.
Premise is workers standing on a lift. Hypothesis is workers walk off a lift The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers standing on a lift. Hypothesis is workers walk home from work The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers standing on a lift. Hypothesis is workers stand on a lift The label is entailment.
Premise is two people talking on a dock. Hypothesis is fishermen at the dock The label is neutral.
Premise is two people talking on a dock. Hypothesis is women shopping at the mall The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people talking on a dock. Hypothesis is people outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip. Hypothesis is the boy is on a science field trip. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip. Hypothesis is the young girl looks through the telescope. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip. Hypothesis is the boy is looking through a microscope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background. Hypothesis is a guy has hurled himself in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background. Hypothesis is the man is running after a robber. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background. Hypothesis is a person is performing a trick at the circus. The label is neutral.
Premise is a golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background. Hypothesis is a golfer readies to putt the ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background. Hypothesis is the golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd watching in the background. The label is entailment.
Premise is a golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background. Hypothesis is the golfer retired from play today. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick. Hypothesis is a child is wrestling with bears The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick. Hypothesis is a child does a jumping kick The label is entailment.
Premise is a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick. Hypothesis is a child in a black ninja suit does a kick The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats. Hypothesis is men are having a conversation outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats. Hypothesis is three men are sitting at the kitchen table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats. Hypothesis is men are sitting outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall. Hypothesis is there's a place to sit near a wall The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall. Hypothesis is a person is sitting outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall. Hypothesis is a person is laying at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man cooking over high flames. Hypothesis is a man is raking the yard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man cooking over high flames. Hypothesis is a man is cooking for his friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man cooking over high flames. Hypothesis is a person is preparing some food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time! Hypothesis is a man is cooking with a lot of pots. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time! Hypothesis is a man is cooking dinner for his family in a bunch of pots. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time! Hypothesis is a man is cooking with a bunch of ovens. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background. Hypothesis is a man is with another man The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background. Hypothesis is a man takes a picture of a woman The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background. Hypothesis is a man is with a cowboy The label is neutral.
Premise is four women are taking a walk down an icy road. Hypothesis is the road is dangerous for the four women to try to walk on because it is covered in ice. The label is neutral.
Premise is four women are taking a walk down an icy road. Hypothesis is the women are walking on the ice. The label is entailment.
Premise is four women are taking a walk down an icy road. Hypothesis is four women are walking near the dry highway. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them. Hypothesis is people love the music The label is neutral.
Premise is four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them. Hypothesis is the men are watching a sports channel The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them. Hypothesis is the men are playing music The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day. Hypothesis is a man is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day. Hypothesis is a man is shooting a gun at targets on a nice day. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day. Hypothesis is a man is shooting a gun outside with his friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official. Hypothesis is there is only one person present. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official. Hypothesis is they are college football players. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television. Hypothesis is five men watch tv. The label is neutral.
Premise is five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television. Hypothesis is some guys are in a living room. The label is neutral.
Premise is five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television. Hypothesis is some people are at work. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ing and people written on it. Hypothesis is the man is sitting in front of a school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ing and people written on it. Hypothesis is the man is standing in front of a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ing and people written on it. Hypothesis is the man is in front of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is people seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching. Hypothesis is a group of people are sitting at tables. The label is entailment.
Premise is people seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching. Hypothesis is a group of people are sitting at the tables sharing a meal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching. Hypothesis is a family reunion is in progress as relatives sit at tables and write down each other's addresses. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a person makes dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a man cleans the kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a woman makes food. The label is entailment.
Premise is four women competitively rollerskating around an area. Hypothesis is four women enjoying rollerskating. The label is neutral.
Premise is four women competitively rollerskating around an area. Hypothesis is women rollerskating around an are The label is entailment.
Premise is four women competitively rollerskating around an area. Hypothesis is four men are rollerskating. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival. Hypothesis is a man walking on water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival. Hypothesis is workers cleaning up after st patrick's day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival. Hypothesis is a group of cleaners after a parade. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie. Hypothesis is the young girl is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie. Hypothesis is the young girl is playing with a race car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie. Hypothesis is the young girl is playing with a toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a car is loaded with items on the top. Hypothesis is the car has stuff on top. The label is entailment.
Premise is a car is loaded with items on the top. Hypothesis is the car is going on a trip. The label is neutral.
Premise is a car is loaded with items on the top. Hypothesis is the car is a convertible. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water. Hypothesis is there are two guys above the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water. Hypothesis is two guys are on a lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is several women wearing dresses dance in the forest. Hypothesis is there are men dancing The label is contradiction.
Premise is several women wearing dresses dance in the forest. Hypothesis is the women are older The label is neutral.
Premise is several women wearing dresses dance in the forest. Hypothesis is there are several women The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti Hypothesis is a long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti Hypothesis is a boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti Hypothesis is a boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds. Hypothesis is someone person was near a bunch of birds. The label is entailment.
Premise is the back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds. Hypothesis is there was a dog inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds. Hypothesis is there were some birds near a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog. Hypothesis is a dog is being chased by a cat The label is contradiction.
Premise is dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog. Hypothesis is a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog The label is neutral.
Premise is dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog. Hypothesis is dog is running and being chased by another dog The label is entailment.
Premise is two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure. Hypothesis is a woman and her kids climb up the stairs The label is neutral.
Premise is two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure. Hypothesis is a woman and two children climb up the stairs The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping. Hypothesis is a man is lying down, sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping on the floor. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting on the floor, sleeping. Hypothesis is a young man is sleeping while in the sitting position. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a prom dress. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water. Hypothesis is the woman is a super model. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water. Hypothesis is a woman in a bikini lays near the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog jumps over an obstacle. Hypothesis is the dog is a chihuahua. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog jumps over an obstacle. Hypothesis is the dog is in a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog jumps over an obstacle. Hypothesis is the dog is in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside. Hypothesis is a dog is taking something to its owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside. Hypothesis is a dog is carrying something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside. Hypothesis is a dog is carrying an object down a grassy side. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick. Hypothesis is a person is doing tricks in front of crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick. Hypothesis is tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick. Hypothesis is man who wears red jacket got an accident. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half. Hypothesis is two men are cutting wood to build a table. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half. Hypothesis is two men are hammering. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half. Hypothesis is two men are using a saw. The label is entailment.
Premise is two strong men work to saw a log. Hypothesis is two strong men are working The label is entailment.
Premise is two strong men work to saw a log. Hypothesis is two strong men are having a beer The label is contradiction.
Premise is two strong men work to saw a log. Hypothesis is two strong men work to saw the oak log The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background. Hypothesis is the men are novices at martial arts. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background. Hypothesis is the men are blackbelts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a red belt. The label is entailment.
Premise is two ladies at workout in mother nature. Hypothesis is the ladies are sitting on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two ladies at workout in mother nature. Hypothesis is the ladies are kickboxing. The label is neutral.
Premise is two ladies at workout in mother nature. Hypothesis is the two ladies are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid playing a game called the derby. Hypothesis is the child is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a kid playing a game called the derby. Hypothesis is the child is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid playing a game called the derby. Hypothesis is the child is playing a game for fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail. Hypothesis is the man is riding a horse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail. Hypothesis is the man is bike riding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail. Hypothesis is the man is riding a dirt bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in an alley looking at the camera. Hypothesis is people are hanging out together The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in an alley looking at the camera. Hypothesis is people are taking a picture The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in an alley looking at the camera. Hypothesis is people are on their computer The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market. Hypothesis is a group of men, and women look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market. Hypothesis is people viewing produce at a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market. Hypothesis is a group of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them. Hypothesis is group of people throwing bananas at a market. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them. Hypothesis is shoppers purchasing vegetables at a busy public market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them. Hypothesis is group of people being filmed purchasing vegetables for a market's advertisement. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street. Hypothesis is an asian man is reading the paper. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street. Hypothesis is an asian man is pushing a cart up the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street. Hypothesis is an asian man is selling food. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe. Hypothesis is a man has tools. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe. Hypothesis is a man is repairing a dam. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe. Hypothesis is the man is in an office building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs stand side by side in the yard. Hypothesis is two dogs sitting on the porch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs stand side by side in the yard. Hypothesis is two dogs hiding in the yard together. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs stand side by side in the yard. Hypothesis is two dogs standing together in the yard. The label is entailment.
Premise is two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress. Hypothesis is a baby is wearing orange. The label is entailment.
Premise is two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress. Hypothesis is the dress was a gift. The label is neutral.
Premise is two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress. Hypothesis is the baby is nude. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat. Hypothesis is actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat. Hypothesis is two women dressed in opposing team colors of brown and black and red and black fight in a karate match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat. Hypothesis is two males are involved in martial arts. The label is entailment.
Premise is a wet child stands in chest deep ocean water. Hypothesis is a child is in the ocean The label is entailment.
Premise is a wet child stands in chest deep ocean water. Hypothesis is the child s playing on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a wet child stands in chest deep ocean water. Hypothesis is the child is a boy. The label is neutral.
Premise is three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding. Hypothesis is the temperature is a scalding 100 degrees fahrenheit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding. Hypothesis is the young girls are together The label is entailment.
Premise is three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding. Hypothesis is the cameras are cheap. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike. Hypothesis is a tall man is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike. Hypothesis is the man in the red helmet is winning his bicycle race. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike. Hypothesis is a person wearing numbers is using a nonmotorized vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick. Hypothesis is a man in a red cape and a hat with three feathers sits by himself. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick. Hypothesis is a man sits by himself at mardi gras. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick. Hypothesis is a man with a walking stick sits by himself. The label is entailment.
Premise is the white dog is pulling a large stick. Hypothesis is the dog is playing tug of war with a stick. The label is neutral.
Premise is the white dog is pulling a large stick. Hypothesis is the dog is pulling a stick. The label is entailment.
Premise is the white dog is pulling a large stick. Hypothesis is the dog is taking a nap at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch. Hypothesis is the tree appears to be dead. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch. Hypothesis is the man is wearing safety gear on his head. The label is entailment.
Premise is a tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch. Hypothesis is a ballerina is climbing a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child plays with her father's boots. Hypothesis is a child players with her father's boots while he is at work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child plays with her father's boots. Hypothesis is a child is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child plays with her father's boots. Hypothesis is a child is playing with her mothers' shoe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background. Hypothesis is a red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background. Hypothesis is a boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background. Hypothesis is a boy is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lioness closes in on its prey. Hypothesis is a lioness preying The label is entailment.
Premise is a lioness closes in on its prey. Hypothesis is the lioness is hungry The label is neutral.
Premise is a lioness closes in on its prey. Hypothesis is the lioness is sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills. Hypothesis is the female gymnast is training. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills. Hypothesis is the female gymnast is on her way to the gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills. Hypothesis is the female gymnast is training for the olympics. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white hijab digs into the ground. Hypothesis is the pigs eat dogs The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white hijab digs into the ground. Hypothesis is the lady digs into the ground The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white hijab digs into the ground. Hypothesis is the lady digs into the ground for gold The label is neutral.
Premise is a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first. Hypothesis is a girl goes down a slide. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first. Hypothesis is a frowning boy is playing soccer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first. Hypothesis is a girl happily uses the equipment at a playground. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day. Hypothesis is a skateboarded is jogging down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is preparing for the new season. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands by two face structures on easter island. Hypothesis is a man on easter island. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands by two face structures on easter island. Hypothesis is a child hunts for easter eggs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man stands by two face structures on easter island. Hypothesis is a tourist has his picture taken on easter island. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person. Hypothesis is the man is reaching for his wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person. Hypothesis is the man is sunbathing and doesn't have on anything but his swim trunks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person. Hypothesis is a man in red is holding out his hand. The label is entailment.
Premise is three women are smiling and making cupcakes. Hypothesis is three women make cupcakes for a bake sale. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women are smiling and making cupcakes. Hypothesis is the three women are happy about baking cupcakes. The label is entailment.
Premise is three women are smiling and making cupcakes. Hypothesis is three women go to the spa. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men in hard hats work along a wall. Hypothesis is guys are working near a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is men in hard hats work along a wall. Hypothesis is guys are jumping in the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men in hard hats work along a wall. Hypothesis is guys are working near a wall and it starts raining. The label is neutral.
Premise is the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed. Hypothesis is people wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed. Hypothesis is men in overalls work to fix a tractor. The label is entailment.
Premise is the farmers are out working hard on there tractor, they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed. Hypothesis is overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses. Hypothesis is the equipment is being pulled by sheep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses. Hypothesis is the horses are both brown. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses. Hypothesis is the men are working on farm stuff. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act. Hypothesis is a skier down the road skiying The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act. Hypothesis is a skier preparing a trick The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act. Hypothesis is a skier teaching others a trick The label is neutral.
Premise is three young boys enjoying a day at the beach. Hypothesis is the boys are in the beach The label is entailment.
Premise is three young boys enjoying a day at the beach. Hypothesis is the boys are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young boys enjoying a day at the beach. Hypothesis is the boys are young The label is entailment.
Premise is three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him. Hypothesis is the boy holds down his laughing nephew as his sister sprays him with water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him. Hypothesis is the three girls hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children hold a boy's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him. Hypothesis is there are five children. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog runs. Hypothesis is the dog is running outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog runs. Hypothesis is the dog runs The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog runs. Hypothesis is the dog is walking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk. Hypothesis is the big dog is playing with a toy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk. Hypothesis is the animal is sleeping in the basement. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk. Hypothesis is a canine is using his legs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand. Hypothesis is a family skeet shooting The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand. Hypothesis is a black family selling fresh produce in an outdoor market The label is neutral.
Premise is a black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand. Hypothesis is people at an outdoor market The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of kids play on a colorful structure. Hypothesis is a group of kids are outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of kids play on a colorful structure. Hypothesis is a group of kids is watching tv in the living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of kids play on a colorful structure. Hypothesis is a group of kids are playing in the city park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walking and carrying a notebook. Hypothesis is the man is on his way to class. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walking and carrying a notebook. Hypothesis is the man has something in his hand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walking and carrying a notebook. Hypothesis is the woman is reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station. Hypothesis is a person is waiting for the train. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station. Hypothesis is a person is in the subway station. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station. Hypothesis is a man is taking the bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines. Hypothesis is the man is confused. The label is entailment.
Premise is one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines. Hypothesis is the man is confused because he doesn't know where he is. The label is neutral.
Premise is one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines. Hypothesis is the man is not confused. The label is contradiction.
Premise is under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves. Hypothesis is the men are wearing bright suits in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves. Hypothesis is the man are covering themselves in clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves. Hypothesis is the man are putting on their attire before going into the cold weather. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy Hypothesis is the dogs are in the backyard. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy Hypothesis is the dogs are eating from their dog bowls. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy Hypothesis is the dogs are near the toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub. Hypothesis is a group of friends are at the table The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub. Hypothesis is a group of friends are sleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub. Hypothesis is a group of friends are sitting The label is entailment.
Premise is a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard. Hypothesis is a person is falling off their bicycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard. Hypothesis is a surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a large crest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard. Hypothesis is a person is in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics. Hypothesis is there is a man next to a sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics. Hypothesis is the man works at e.s.e electronics. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is walking past a large sign that says e.s.e. electronics. Hypothesis is a man is running past the sign. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an african american man is posing in front of an e.s.e. electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store. Hypothesis is black man poses in front of e.s.e. sign after making a purchase at a store. The label is entailment.
Premise is an african american man is posing in front of an e.s.e. electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store. Hypothesis is man breaks camera in front of liquor store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an african american man is posing in front of an e.s.e. electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store. Hypothesis is man takes a picture with advertiser after purchasing their brand of liquor at a store they are promoting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people are packed into a subway car. Hypothesis is a crowd of people are together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people are packed into a subway car. Hypothesis is one person sits on a subway car alone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people are packed into a subway car. Hypothesis is a crowd of people are headed to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse. Hypothesis is a girl is brushing a horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse. Hypothesis is a girl is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting on a park bench holding a puppy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him. Hypothesis is a male guitarist playing his intrument for children. The label is entailment.
Premise is a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him. Hypothesis is a guitarist sitting on stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside, with a group of children playing around him. Hypothesis is a person outside with children playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces. Hypothesis is the girl is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces. Hypothesis is the girl is ready to go swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them. Hypothesis is a group of people walks in the square. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them. Hypothesis is a group of people walk through tear gas. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them. Hypothesis is a group of people dance in the daytime. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian woman enjoys a nice treat Hypothesis is a lady is taking pleasure from a treat. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian woman enjoys a nice treat Hypothesis is the asian woman is eating ice cream. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman enjoys a nice treat Hypothesis is a business man is hurrying to work. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle. Hypothesis is a girl is playing a sport in which she is jumping over a hurdle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle. Hypothesis is a girl is jumping over a hurdle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle. Hypothesis is a girl tripped on herself before she attempt to jump over a hurdle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting next to someone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat. Hypothesis is the woman has red toenails. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat. Hypothesis is the woman is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background. Hypothesis is the kids are playing tag. The label is neutral.
Premise is kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background. Hypothesis is the kids are at school. The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background. Hypothesis is the kids are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says 'coast gas'. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on a truck. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says 'coast gas'. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on his porsche. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says 'coast gas'. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on a truck at a gas station. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in the woods. Hypothesis is there is a boy in the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in the woods. Hypothesis is there is a small boy in the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in a green and black jacket, and blue pants, taking a photos of a horse. Hypothesis is a woman takes photos of a horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in a green and black jacket, and blue pants, taking a photos of a horse. Hypothesis is the photographer is being paid to photograph wild stallions. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a green and black jacket, and blue pants, taking a photos of a horse. Hypothesis is a naked lady takes photos of a horse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids. Hypothesis is this person is going to the waterfall The label is neutral.
Premise is this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids. Hypothesis is this person is on a river The label is entailment.
Premise is this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids. Hypothesis is this person is in a hot air balloon The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle. Hypothesis is a man with concealed features is in a mode of  transportation used in service. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle. Hypothesis is a robber is in a police car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle. Hypothesis is a woman is showing her head while riding on a horse The label is contradiction.
Premise is a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off. Hypothesis is the horse tripped on a rock. The label is neutral.
Premise is a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off. Hypothesis is the horse is riding gallantly through the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off. Hypothesis is the jockey is trying not to fall off the horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow. Hypothesis is the person is clearing their snowed up driveway The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow. Hypothesis is there is snow outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow. Hypothesis is the rain is pouring in the desert The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks. Hypothesis is workers are sitting and riding a train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks. Hypothesis is workers wearing orange are about to repair rail tracks. The label is neutral.
Premise is workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks. Hypothesis is workers are standing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is children bathe in water from large drums. Hypothesis is the kids are taking a bath. The label is entailment.
Premise is children bathe in water from large drums. Hypothesis is the kids are not reading. The label is entailment.
Premise is children bathe in water from large drums. Hypothesis is the kids are wet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a member of a bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground. Hypothesis is a man is on on skis on the mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a member of a bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground. Hypothesis is a man is snowboarding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is doing tricks in an area with ramps. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is in his backyard wrestling with his friends. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride Hypothesis is a boy is giving his brother a ride The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride Hypothesis is a boy is playing monopoly with his brother The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride Hypothesis is a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves. Hypothesis is a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of middle aged men holding white scarves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves. Hypothesis is a woman is teaching a ballet class. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves. Hypothesis is a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding green and red scarves. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bare chested smiling child plays in water. Hypothesis is there is a child getting naked in the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bare chested smiling child plays in water. Hypothesis is there is a naked child in the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bare chested smiling child plays in water. Hypothesis is there is a topless child playing in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is the two boys are swimming with boogie boards. Hypothesis is the two boys are in their bath tub The label is contradiction.
Premise is the two boys are swimming with boogie boards. Hypothesis is the two boys are swimming with their floats The label is entailment.
Premise is the two boys are swimming with boogie boards. Hypothesis is the two boys are swimming and catching a wave The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses. Hypothesis is a man is stealing a lady's purse at the bank. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses. Hypothesis is a man is chatting with a lady. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses. Hypothesis is a man is talking to a lady about the weather. The label is neutral.
Premise is three girls are standing and talking to each other. Hypothesis is three girls are talking The label is entailment.
Premise is three girls are standing and talking to each other. Hypothesis is three girls are seated The label is contradiction.
Premise is three girls are standing and talking to each other. Hypothesis is three girls are laughing The label is neutral.
Premise is people are standing next to a chain link fence. Hypothesis is the people are siting down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are standing next to a chain link fence. Hypothesis is the people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are standing next to a chain link fence. Hypothesis is the people are at a school. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard Hypothesis is the men are carrying bicycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard Hypothesis is both of the men are walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard Hypothesis is the men are walking to the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track. Hypothesis is a tall person running The label is neutral.
Premise is a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track. Hypothesis is a person running The label is entailment.
Premise is a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track. Hypothesis is nobody is running The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children are playing with an illuminated water art display. Hypothesis is three children are interacting with an illuminated water art display. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children are playing with an illuminated water art display. Hypothesis is three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display The label is neutral.
Premise is kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it. Hypothesis is kids are playing basketball in a pond. The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it. Hypothesis is kids are playing in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it. Hypothesis is kids are playing at the fountain at a local mall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a woman is playing tennis. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a woman is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a woman had a tennis racquet. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs. Hypothesis is a woman is getting ready to box The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs. Hypothesis is a woman is getting up to get some water The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs. Hypothesis is a woman rises from a chair The label is entailment.
Premise is here is an announcement for everybody about the beach. Hypothesis is the beach has an announcement. The label is entailment.
Premise is here is an announcement for everybody about the beach. Hypothesis is the announcement for the beach is a warning. The label is neutral.
Premise is here is an announcement for everybody about the beach. Hypothesis is there are hundreds of sharks on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether. Hypothesis is the helmet has a stripe on it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether. Hypothesis is a person has a yellow helmet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether. Hypothesis is the helmet is black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two asian people cooking on a grill in a park. Hypothesis is the couple are cooking in there home kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two asian people cooking on a grill in a park. Hypothesis is a couple are having a picnic in a park. The label is neutral.
Premise is two asian people cooking on a grill in a park. Hypothesis is there are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen. Hypothesis is the kids like science. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen. Hypothesis is the children are looking through a microscope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen. Hypothesis is the kids are looking through a telescope. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men and boys look upwards at something. Hypothesis is a group of people looking up. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men and boys look upwards at something. Hypothesis is a snake eating a mouse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men and boys look upwards at something. Hypothesis is a group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog runs through a grassy field Hypothesis is a dog chases a rabbit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog runs through a grassy field Hypothesis is a man shoots a rabbit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog runs through a grassy field Hypothesis is a brown dog runs outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog is digging in the snow. Hypothesis is a dark colored dog digging through the snow The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog is digging in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog outside digging. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog is digging in the snow. Hypothesis is a cat running down a beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl jumps in the air. Hypothesis is a girl jumping rope on mars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl jumps in the air. Hypothesis is a jump roping girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl jumps in the air. Hypothesis is a girl jumps high. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys. Hypothesis is man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys The label is entailment.
Premise is man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys. Hypothesis is the man was holding the door for his girlfreind The label is neutral.
Premise is man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys. Hypothesis is the man dropped his car keys in the sewer The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids are looking at something on a table. Hypothesis is some kids are burning the table down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids are looking at something on a table. Hypothesis is some kids are looking at an insect on the kitchen table. The label is neutral.
Premise is kids are looking at something on a table. Hypothesis is some kids are staring at something on the table. The label is entailment.
Premise is skateboarder sliding down a ramp Hypothesis is a skateboarder is doing tricks for a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is skateboarder sliding down a ramp Hypothesis is a skateboarder is doing a trick. The label is entailment.
Premise is skateboarder sliding down a ramp Hypothesis is a skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape. Hypothesis is a snowman is being photographed with its creator. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape. Hypothesis is a snowman is taking photos of his friends. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape. Hypothesis is next to a snowman a person poses for a picture with it. The label is entailment.
Premise is baby in running in over-sized flip-flops. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing with a basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is baby in running in over-sized flip-flops. Hypothesis is a baby is running in her big sisters flip-flops. The label is neutral.
Premise is baby in running in over-sized flip-flops. Hypothesis is a baby is running. The label is entailment.
Premise is kid holding handles on two wheeled object Hypothesis is the kid is riding a bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is kid holding handles on two wheeled object Hypothesis is the kid is asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is kid holding handles on two wheeled object Hypothesis is the kid has hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents. Hypothesis is two men carry a christmas tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents. Hypothesis is children opening presents. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents. Hypothesis is young children open presents under a large christmas tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is walking in the street. Hypothesis is a man is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is walking in the street. Hypothesis is a man is playing golf. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is walking in the street. Hypothesis is a buisness man is talking a walk on his lunchbreak. The label is neutral.
Premise is the big dog is checking out the smaller dog. Hypothesis is two cats standing together, one is big and the other is small. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the big dog is checking out the smaller dog. Hypothesis is a big dog watching over a smaller dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is the big dog is checking out the smaller dog. Hypothesis is a mother dog checking up on her baby puppy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire. Hypothesis is a man is addressing a group of people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire. Hypothesis is a stock broker is speaking at a wall street conference. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire. Hypothesis is a boy is riding a wave on his surfboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has largo written on it. Hypothesis is a woman standing on a street corner outside beside three different stores, two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a largo sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has largo written on it. Hypothesis is a woman stands outside of two art shops deciding which one to go into on a street corner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has largo written on it. Hypothesis is a woman sitting next to a stop sign near a rest stop bathroom outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune. Hypothesis is the person is in a race. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune. Hypothesis is the person is riding a four wheeler. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune. Hypothesis is the person is riding a big wheel. The label is neutral.
Premise is an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side. Hypothesis is the man is on his cell phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side. Hypothesis is the man is inside the car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side. Hypothesis is an expensive car is parked. The label is entailment.
Premise is man and women standing under a red umbrella. Hypothesis is the two woman stood under the black umbrella. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man and women standing under a red umbrella. Hypothesis is they stood under the umbrella. The label is entailment.
Premise is man and women standing under a red umbrella. Hypothesis is the married couple stood under the umbrella. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. Hypothesis is a man writes his sports story The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. Hypothesis is a man watches the field The label is entailment.
Premise is man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch. Hypothesis is a man sits in a casino The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera. Hypothesis is a man holding grapes poses for a painting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera. Hypothesis is a family poses for a christmas picture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera. Hypothesis is a man holds a vegetable. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a man is holding onions. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a man is shopping in a grocery store. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a man is holding apples. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down the lane. Hypothesis is a woman is alone at a bowling alley The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down the lane. Hypothesis is a woman is playing a game The label is entailment.
Premise is a female bowler dressed in blue, with another bowler in the background, prepares to throw a ball down the lane. Hypothesis is a woman is at a bowling alley The label is entailment.
Premise is someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street. Hypothesis is a monkey is passing out orange juice in the middle of the forest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street. Hypothesis is a person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area. The label is entailment.
Premise is someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a polka dot outfit, in the middle of a dangerous scene, passing out orange juice. The label is neutral.
Premise is a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle. Hypothesis is a dog is sleeping on the table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle. Hypothesis is a dog jumps over a obstacel. The label is entailment.
Premise is a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle. Hypothesis is a show dog is showing tricks for the judges. The label is neutral.
Premise is man with beard doing skateboarding stunt Hypothesis is a clean shaven man skateboards. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man with beard doing skateboarding stunt Hypothesis is a man skateboards. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with beard doing skateboarding stunt Hypothesis is a man with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee. Hypothesis is the woman is silent. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee. Hypothesis is the woman is chatting with her friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee. Hypothesis is a woman is having a chat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt, with another couple dancing in the background. Hypothesis is two men dance together in the middle The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt, with another couple dancing in the background. Hypothesis is a woman dances with a man next to another couple dancing The label is entailment.
Premise is san fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium. Hypothesis is a popular football team in california has many fans. The label is neutral.
Premise is san fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium. Hypothesis is the 49ers are ready to play versus their rivals. The label is neutral.
Premise is san fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium. Hypothesis is the football game got cancelled and the field is empty. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign. Hypothesis is a man in an army uniform is meeting someone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign. Hypothesis is a man in an army uniform is meeting a foreign civilian in the war zone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign. Hypothesis is a man in a navy uniform is meeting his wife. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression. Hypothesis is a person is holding a tool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression. Hypothesis is a carpenter is having some fun during his break. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression. Hypothesis is the person is eating a sandwich. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket. Hypothesis is the person under the blanket is dead. The label is neutral.
Premise is the firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket. Hypothesis is the firefighters are setting a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket. Hypothesis is the firefighters have finished a job. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge. Hypothesis is the man was taking pictures of nature. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge. Hypothesis is the man was sitting indoors watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling Hypothesis is a guy is wearing sunglasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling Hypothesis is a man wearing glasses in smiling at a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling Hypothesis is a boy is taking an exam. The label is contradiction.
Premise is indian men selling food items on the sidewalk Hypothesis is men are selling food on the sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is indian men selling food items on the sidewalk Hypothesis is men are buying food on the sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is indian men selling food items on the sidewalk Hypothesis is men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are watching the flowers blossom The label is neutral.
Premise is people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are standing on the pavement The label is contradiction.
Premise is people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are sitting in chairs The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments. Hypothesis is three men are doing a musical set wit wires and equipment all over the stage and they are holding unique guitar like instruments The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments. Hypothesis is the three men were telling jokes on stage to entertain the crowd The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments. Hypothesis is the three men were in a band together The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man walks with his cow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man chases his dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man leads a cow to be milked. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve. Hypothesis is the man is skiing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve. Hypothesis is the man is riding outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve. Hypothesis is the man is going to the store The label is contradiction.
Premise is soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building. Hypothesis is soldiers are packing heat near a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building. Hypothesis is soldiers are holding guns in a large featureless desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building. Hypothesis is soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an extremely small building. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building. Hypothesis is there are people patiently awaiting a firefight. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building. Hypothesis is there are people avoiding traffic on a busy new york street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men in soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building. Hypothesis is there are people standing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building. Hypothesis is soldiers are on guard as they're waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building. The label is neutral.
Premise is three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building. Hypothesis is soldiers are being told to guard a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper. Hypothesis is a person watches someone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper. Hypothesis is a woman watches as a man reads a paper. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper. Hypothesis is the boss watches as the employee reads the memo. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun. Hypothesis is a woman enjoying a florida beacj The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun. Hypothesis is a woman sleeping in front of a fire The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun. Hypothesis is a woman at a beach The label is neutral.
Premise is a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home. Hypothesis is a man is standing in the doorway. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home. Hypothesis is the man is sitting at the table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man takes a drink in the doorway of a home. Hypothesis is a man is looking out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table. Hypothesis is the man watches the other clean a fish. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table. Hypothesis is the man is cleaning the fish that he caught so he can cook it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table. Hypothesis is the man in an orange shirt watches another man wash dishes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag. Hypothesis is a couple looks at porn. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag. Hypothesis is the couple poses together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag. Hypothesis is a man poses with a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses. Hypothesis is women are outside riding horses. The label is entailment.
Premise is two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses. Hypothesis is women are outside riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm. The label is neutral.
Premise is two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses. Hypothesis is women are outside at a riding competition where they watch men compete. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing. Hypothesis is a group of people looking at a statue. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing. Hypothesis is a beautiful statue of a man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing. Hypothesis is people wearing cool-weather clothing because of the excessive wind. The label is neutral.
Premise is a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera. Hypothesis is an empty field is photographed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera. Hypothesis is a plane flies in the sky. The label is entailment.
Premise is a plane flies overhead as military men stand at attention, a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera. Hypothesis is a military event is taking place. The label is entailment.
Premise is someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him. Hypothesis is a person with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side. The label is entailment.
Premise is someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him. Hypothesis is a bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act. The label is neutral.
Premise is someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him. Hypothesis is a boy sleeping in a hot air balloon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume. Hypothesis is a man is disguise as he dances with someone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume. Hypothesis is a man dances with a woman in costume The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume. Hypothesis is a couple dances in a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball. Hypothesis is the pitcher throws the ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball. Hypothesis is the pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team. The label is neutral.
Premise is the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball. Hypothesis is the boy plays basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball. Hypothesis is a dog is chasing a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball. Hypothesis is a dog is at the park with it's owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball. Hypothesis is a dog is chasing after a cat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area. Hypothesis is a group of people play a competitive game of frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area. Hypothesis is people play frisbee outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area. Hypothesis is a group of people play football. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat. Hypothesis is the men are on their way to a rescue. The label is neutral.
Premise is men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat. Hypothesis is the men are fighting a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat. Hypothesis is the men are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with 'whatever it takes' written on his guitar. Hypothesis is the musician singing the song is asian. The label is neutral.
Premise is a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with 'whatever it takes' written on his guitar. Hypothesis is the musician is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with 'whatever it takes' written on his guitar. Hypothesis is the musician is playing the drums. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white dog is running through the water at a beach Hypothesis is the white dog is with it's owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white dog is running through the water at a beach Hypothesis is the white dog is at a beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog is running through the water at a beach Hypothesis is the white dog is sitting on the sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a pale colored dog runs through a body of water. Hypothesis is a dog runs through some water to catch a stick. The label is neutral.
Premise is a pale colored dog runs through a body of water. Hypothesis is a dog runs through some water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a pale colored dog runs through a body of water. Hypothesis is a dog runs through a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl crosscountry skis. Hypothesis is a girl is strolling down the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl crosscountry skis. Hypothesis is a girl has on skis. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl crosscountry skis. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing a cap. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch. Hypothesis is the lady is asleep The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch. Hypothesis is a lady cooks The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch. Hypothesis is the lady cooks meat The label is neutral.
Premise is a lone person is walking in front of a white building. Hypothesis is a single person is sitting at the dentist office waiting his turn. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lone person is walking in front of a white building. Hypothesis is a person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lone person is walking in front of a white building. Hypothesis is a single human is outside in front of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum. Hypothesis is the girl is near an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum. Hypothesis is the boy is wearing shorts. The label is neutral.
Premise is a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum. Hypothesis is the boy is alone in the bathtub on the moon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck. Hypothesis is pretzels are poisonous. The label is contradiction.
Premise is trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck. Hypothesis is there is salt on the pretzels. The label is neutral.
Premise is a red-haired woman playing the violin Hypothesis is a woman is performing at a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a red-haired woman playing the violin Hypothesis is a woman is playing an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a red-haired woman playing the violin Hypothesis is a woman holds a broken violin. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool. Hypothesis is a couple of dogs are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool. Hypothesis is a couple of animals are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite. Hypothesis is a man eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite, but he doesn't give in. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite. Hypothesis is a man eats a hamburger while his friend asks for a bite. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite. Hypothesis is a woman bites into a marshmallow chick The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite. Hypothesis is a man is eating a marshmallow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite. Hypothesis is a guy bites into a freshly opened marshmallow chick The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite. Hypothesis is a guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man. Hypothesis is a man with a cat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man. Hypothesis is a man taking his cat with him while running some errands. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case. Hypothesis is a lady in a swimsuit checking things out. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case. Hypothesis is a naked woman playing piano. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case. Hypothesis is a lady shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is a long dark-haired man sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky. Hypothesis is a man with short hair dancing outside while playing the flute. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a long dark-haired man sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky. Hypothesis is a man is sitting outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey. Hypothesis is the man is confined to bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey. Hypothesis is the man talks to his son the clown. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey. Hypothesis is the man talks to the performer. The label is entailment.
Premise is an organ grinder, in world war i helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt. Hypothesis is someone in a helmet and clown makeup is talking to a man in a striped shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is an organ grinder, in world war i helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt. Hypothesis is two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an organ grinder, in world war i helmet and clown makeup, speaks to an older man in a blue, striped polo shirt. Hypothesis is two men are seated on a park bench, one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake. Hypothesis is a mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit. The label is neutral.
Premise is mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake. Hypothesis is a mom is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake. Hypothesis is two humans enjoying the outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt. Hypothesis is a car does a burnout in front of thousands of onlookers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt. Hypothesis is a car does a burn out. The label is entailment.
Premise is a very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt. Hypothesis is a car that has no tires. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch. Hypothesis is a man swims across a pool The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch. Hypothesis is a young man wears gloves The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch. Hypothesis is a man trims a tree The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street. Hypothesis is the man tries to make some money from tips. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street. Hypothesis is a woman flashes bystanders. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street. Hypothesis is a man plays guitar outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astroturf field. Hypothesis is the players are playing a sport. The label is entailment.
Premise is players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astroturf field. Hypothesis is they struggle to gain control over a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats struggle to gain control over a ball on an astroturf field. Hypothesis is the players are having a party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill. Hypothesis is a man is eating his tv dinner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill. Hypothesis is a woman is preparing meat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill. Hypothesis is a woman is beginning to cook. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass. Hypothesis is the animals are playing catch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass. Hypothesis is the animals are lying on the bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass. Hypothesis is the animals are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl laying on the ground on her cellphone. Hypothesis is a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl laying on the ground on her cellphone. Hypothesis is a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl laying on the ground on her cellphone. Hypothesis is a boy on his cellphone standing on ground The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is renovating a room. Hypothesis is a man is in a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is renovating a room. Hypothesis is a man is laying outside in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is renovating a room. Hypothesis is a man is using a hammer in a room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog. Hypothesis is a woman and a dog enjoy time together The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog. Hypothesis is a woman is scratched by a cat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog. Hypothesis is a woman spends time with her brand new puppy The label is neutral.
Premise is four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them. Hypothesis is nobody is standing The label is contradiction.
Premise is four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them. Hypothesis is tall humans standing The label is neutral.
Premise is four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them. Hypothesis is some humans standing The label is entailment.
Premise is young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city. Hypothesis is a young man is on a farm. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city. Hypothesis is a young man is perfoming a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area. The label is entailment.
Premise is young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city. Hypothesis is there is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees. Hypothesis is a man sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees. Hypothesis is a man flips his skateboard on a cement surface The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees. Hypothesis is a man does a skateboarding trick on a cement surface The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls hang tinsel on a christmas tree in a room with blue curtains. Hypothesis is two girls are in a room with red curtains. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls hang tinsel on a christmas tree in a room with blue curtains. Hypothesis is two girls are decorating their christmas tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls hang tinsel on a christmas tree in a room with blue curtains. Hypothesis is two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of christmas. The label is neutral.
Premise is this is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter. Hypothesis is the daddy is dead The label is contradiction.
Premise is this is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter. Hypothesis is daddy taught her The label is entailment.
Premise is this is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter. Hypothesis is daddy is old The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street Hypothesis is a boy on a skateboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street Hypothesis is a boy standing upright on a skateboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street Hypothesis is a boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops. Hypothesis is a man dressed really strangely is walking in front of some shops. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops. Hypothesis is a woman wearing an evening gown is at a party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops. Hypothesis is a man wearing strange clothing is being stared at by shoppers. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people sitting on some stairs laughing. Hypothesis is someone told a joke. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people sitting on some stairs laughing. Hypothesis is there are three people. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people sitting on some stairs laughing. Hypothesis is the dogs are laughing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell. Hypothesis is a group of girls are having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is 3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell. Hypothesis is girls are not having a good time. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell. Hypothesis is girls are at school. The label is neutral.
Premise is shipyard workers are standing around. Hypothesis is shipyard workers are waiting on the docks The label is neutral.
Premise is shipyard workers are standing around. Hypothesis is shipyard workers are unloading the ships The label is contradiction.
Premise is shipyard workers are standing around. Hypothesis is shipyard workers are standing on the docks The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background. Hypothesis is a person with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background. Hypothesis is two horse chase after a man holding a carrot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background. Hypothesis is a skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe about to jump down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger. Hypothesis is a kid on a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger. Hypothesis is a lady points. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger. Hypothesis is a woman points at the man she is talking about. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees. Hypothesis is the trees are ready for spring. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees. Hypothesis is there is a park with no trees. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees. Hypothesis is the woman is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue. Hypothesis is there is a man playing an instrument The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue. Hypothesis is there is a man watching others play instruments The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue. Hypothesis is there is a man outdoors playing an instrument The label is neutral.
Premise is a person crossing a bridge with train tracks. Hypothesis is there was a woman tip-toeing across the train tracks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person crossing a bridge with train tracks. Hypothesis is the bridge had train tracks across it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person crossing a bridge with train tracks. Hypothesis is a person jumped off the side of the bridge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing. Hypothesis is the man in blue is batman and the man in black is jonny cash. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing. Hypothesis is the man in the black suit is planning on robbing the man in blue next to him. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing. Hypothesis is a man in a black suit is standing next to a man in a blue outfit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside. Hypothesis is some people are exercising outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside. Hypothesis is people are racing up a hill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside. Hypothesis is people are having a picnic. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside. Hypothesis is people are walking along the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside. Hypothesis is people are hiking threw a woods. The label is neutral.
Premise is three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside. Hypothesis is people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men, some with musical instruments, sit in chairs around the perimeter of a room. Hypothesis is a group of men are preparing for a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy. Hypothesis is the former first lady is at the podium for a conference. The label is entailment.
Premise is first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy. Hypothesis is laura bush stands in front of a conference The label is entailment.
Premise is first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy. Hypothesis is laura bush is driving a jet-ski near the washington monument. The label is contradiction.
Premise is first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy. Hypothesis is laura bush gets ready to address a heated issue The label is neutral.
Premise is first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy. Hypothesis is george bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience The label is contradiction.
Premise is first lady laura bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the white house conference on global literacy. Hypothesis is laura bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy to young people. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp. Hypothesis is the two men are wearing hula grass skirts. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp. Hypothesis is the two men are wearing jogging clothes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp. Hypothesis is the two men wearing hula grass skirts are hawaiian. The label is neutral.
Premise is times square in new york. Hypothesis is times square is in california. The label is contradiction.
Premise is times square in new york. Hypothesis is times square is packed. The label is neutral.
Premise is times square in new york. Hypothesis is times square is a place. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime. Hypothesis is a woman drives a bulldozer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime. Hypothesis is college kids wait in line for concert tickets. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime. Hypothesis is a group of people wait in a line. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go. Hypothesis is an extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters The label is neutral.
Premise is a man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go. Hypothesis is a man surfing on the water The label is entailment.
Premise is a man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go. Hypothesis is a man milks a cow The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men and a frisbee Hypothesis is two men with a toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men and a frisbee Hypothesis is two men playing with a frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men and a frisbee Hypothesis is two men playing with a basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water. Hypothesis is the young girl gets into the water with her bathing suit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water. Hypothesis is the young swimmer wades out into the water at the start of his team practice. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is kayaking in rough waters. Hypothesis is ther isn't any water around the man The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is kayaking in rough waters. Hypothesis is the man is in a boat The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow. Hypothesis is a lumberjack poses with a tree he's about to chop down The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow. Hypothesis is a man sips beer on the beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow. Hypothesis is a man leaning on a tree The label is entailment.
Premise is a blue truck is driving on a desert road carrying several people and lots of assorted cargo. Hypothesis is a motionless truck The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blue truck is driving on a desert road carrying several people and lots of assorted cargo. Hypothesis is a truck driving The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup. Hypothesis is a man is waiting for someone The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup. Hypothesis is a man is sitting crisscross The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup. Hypothesis is a woman is walking The label is contradiction.
Premise is one woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair. Hypothesis is the woman is contemplating buying a new outfit. The label is neutral.
Premise is one woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair. Hypothesis is the ball is on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair. Hypothesis is the shirt is gray. The label is entailment.
Premise is military personnel are shopping Hypothesis is military personnel are in the mall. The label is neutral.
Premise is military personnel are shopping Hypothesis is military personnel are buying groceries. The label is neutral.
Premise is military personnel are shopping Hypothesis is people in the military are training. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy. Hypothesis is the dogs are chasing a rabbit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy. Hypothesis is two dogs are running. The label is entailment.
Premise is two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy. Hypothesis is both dogs are female. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking. Hypothesis is the man is talking to his friend on the phone The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking. Hypothesis is the man is jogging The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking. Hypothesis is the cigarette is lit The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock. Hypothesis is the green clock wears black capri pants in front of the woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock. Hypothesis is the clock is accurate at least two times a day. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock. Hypothesis is it is noon. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. Hypothesis is several people are naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. Hypothesis is there are people wearing scrubs. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse. Hypothesis is there are people at the hospital. The label is neutral.
Premise is a middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen. Hypothesis is a chef is near a food truck. The label is neutral.
Premise is a middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen. Hypothesis is a chef is near a kitchen. The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen. Hypothesis is a chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of whiskey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat. Hypothesis is a mother and her child ride home from work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat. Hypothesis is a child stands alone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat. Hypothesis is a child and woman are picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. Hypothesis is the man is sweeping dirt The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. Hypothesis is the man is dancing with a woman The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is sweeping with a red broom. Hypothesis is the man is sweeping The label is entailment.
Premise is a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull Hypothesis is the matador will feel sorry for the bull The label is neutral.
Premise is a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull Hypothesis is the angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so The label is neutral.
Premise is a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull Hypothesis is the raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf. Hypothesis is the woman is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf. Hypothesis is a woman fixes a display shelf. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf. Hypothesis is a woman buys a ticket at a movie theater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are standing on stage performing. Hypothesis is men are upright on a stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are standing on stage performing. Hypothesis is male actors are putting on a play in a theater. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are standing on stage performing. Hypothesis is women are playing trumpets on the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment. Hypothesis is two men hold torches to celebrate The label is entailment.
Premise is two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment. Hypothesis is two brothers hold torches to celebrate. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut. Hypothesis is a man showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut. Hypothesis is a man slicing coconut next to a stump. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut. Hypothesis is a man drinking coconut water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses. Hypothesis is someone is at the doctor. The label is entailment.
Premise is a patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses. Hypothesis is a man is at the doctor. The label is neutral.
Premise is a patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table. Hypothesis is a young woman is sitting on a toilet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table. Hypothesis is a young lady is sitting at a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table. Hypothesis is a young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around. Hypothesis is a boy is wearing clothes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around. Hypothesis is the boy plays a video game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around. Hypothesis is a boy reads a mystery book. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large crowd of people talking to each other. Hypothesis is there is a lot of people standing near each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large crowd of people talking to each other. Hypothesis is a large crowd of dogs are at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large crowd of people talking to each other. Hypothesis is people speak a variety of different languages. The label is neutral.
Premise is in a chain link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.wit. Hypothesis is a person is skating. The label is entailment.
Premise is in a chain link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.wit. Hypothesis is the skater is sitting on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is elderly people walking down a city street. Hypothesis is the elderly people are swimming in the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is elderly people walking down a city street. Hypothesis is the elderly people are crossing the crosswalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is elderly people walking down a city street. Hypothesis is the elderly people are walking to a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind. Hypothesis is an older woman is trying to see a billboard that is far away The label is neutral.
Premise is an older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind. Hypothesis is 4 older woman are walking The label is entailment.
Premise is an older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind. Hypothesis is four older women are sitting in a hot tub The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him. Hypothesis is a man is running a marathon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him. Hypothesis is a man is sitting down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him. Hypothesis is a man is sick next to the toilet. The label is neutral.
Premise is a homeless man carries a sign that says 'hungry'. Hypothesis is the man does not have a home. The label is entailment.
Premise is a homeless man carries a sign that says 'hungry'. Hypothesis is the man is living in a mansion. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones. Hypothesis is people dressed in japanese clothing walk through a courtyard. The label is entailment.
Premise is people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones. Hypothesis is the people are partaking in a japanese funeral tradition. The label is neutral.
Premise is people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones. Hypothesis is people dressed like circus clowns entertain at a child's birthday party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man shows off his spider-web face paint. Hypothesis is the little girl asks her father to pick her up. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man shows off his spider-web face paint. Hypothesis is a young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man shows off his spider-web face paint. Hypothesis is a person shows some people his face painting. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face. Hypothesis is the man has nothing on his face. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face. Hypothesis is the man has his face painted. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face. Hypothesis is the man has his face painted for a halloween event. The label is neutral.
Premise is man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign. Hypothesis is a man sitting with a sign The label is entailment.
Premise is man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign. Hypothesis is a man taking a break The label is neutral.
Premise is man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign. Hypothesis is a man laying down The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him. Hypothesis is a boy in white pajamas plays. The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him. Hypothesis is a boy in light green pajamas plays. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him. Hypothesis is a boy in green pajamas plays. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him. Hypothesis is the young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him. Hypothesis is the older woman behind the young boy is his mother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him. Hypothesis is the young boy is holding a toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo. Hypothesis is a girl poses for a selfie with her mother. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo. Hypothesis is a photo is being taken of a man and a baby girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo. Hypothesis is bob takes his infant daughter for a family photo. The label is neutral.
Premise is sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court. Hypothesis is sports team members are having lunch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court. Hypothesis is team members of a sport is relaxing after practice. The label is entailment.
Premise is sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court. Hypothesis is team members were practicing on a basketball court while large crowd watched. The label is neutral.
Premise is pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree. Hypothesis is some people are attending an outdoor book sale. The label is neutral.
Premise is pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree. Hypothesis is some women are wrapping gifts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree. Hypothesis is people are standing on a sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side. Hypothesis is two men riding in a car past a brick building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side. Hypothesis is two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side. Hypothesis is two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance. Hypothesis is a vendor talks to a customer The label is contradiction.
Premise is a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance. Hypothesis is a vendor stares into space. The label is entailment.
Premise is a sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance. Hypothesis is a woman vendor gazes into the distance. The label is neutral.
Premise is an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl. Hypothesis is the ambulance isn't stopped by heavy traffic The label is entailment.
Premise is an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl. Hypothesis is the man in the bandana is running after the ambulance The label is contradiction.
Premise is an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl. Hypothesis is the ambulance has its sirens on The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows. Hypothesis is a boy runs across a road in front of an abandoned building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows. Hypothesis is a boy sleeps in his bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy runs across a road in front of a sky blue building with barred windows. Hypothesis is a boy is running infront of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is boys in what appears to be a library or school room. Hypothesis is boys are playing outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is boys in what appears to be a library or school room. Hypothesis is children are indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is boys in what appears to be a library or school room. Hypothesis is boys are in a place of learning. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label galina and another the label inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue. Hypothesis is galina is winning the race. The label is neutral.
Premise is 3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label galina and another the label inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue. Hypothesis is there are no women running. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label galina and another the label inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue. Hypothesis is three women are running. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas. Hypothesis is the man holding the painting was watching tv The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas. Hypothesis is the man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas. Hypothesis is a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas The label is entailment.
Premise is a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city. Hypothesis is a gentleman with no chest hair, wrangles his way through a toilet seat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city. Hypothesis is a man does magic tricks. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city. Hypothesis is a contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks along with a can of soda in his hand. Hypothesis is a woman walks along with a can of soda in his hand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks along with a can of soda in his hand. Hypothesis is a person walks along with a can of soda in his hand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks along with a can of soda in his hand. Hypothesis is a sad man walks along with a can of soda in his hand. The label is neutral.
Premise is some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow. Hypothesis is there are men trying to push a car in snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow. Hypothesis is they are pushing it off a cliff to cover up a crime. The label is neutral.
Premise is some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow. Hypothesis is these men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie fargo. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children are swimming in a pool. Hypothesis is two kids are in a swimming race. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children are swimming in a pool. Hypothesis is two children are wet. The label is entailment.
Premise is two children are swimming in a pool. Hypothesis is kids are riding bicycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women in costume stand on a stage. Hypothesis is the women are on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is women in costume stand on a stage. Hypothesis is the women are in a parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is women in costume stand on a stage. Hypothesis is the women are performing a play. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon. Hypothesis is an old man is making pottery to sell. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon. Hypothesis is a woman is soaking her feet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon. Hypothesis is a man is making pottery. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air. Hypothesis is a child plays outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air. Hypothesis is a young boy has fun playing outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air. Hypothesis is a young boy stands at the chalkboard to answer a math problem. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain. Hypothesis is a woman standing on top of a rocky mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain. Hypothesis is a man sitting on top of a mountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain. Hypothesis is a rugged man sits atop a mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background Hypothesis is the boats jumped up from a shallow rock. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background Hypothesis is there is a fishing boat in the harbor. The label is neutral.
Premise is young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background Hypothesis is a young man and an asian woman are near a dock on a bay. The label is neutral.
Premise is bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end. Hypothesis is the cyclist was riding near the ocean at sunset. The label is entailment.
Premise is bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end. Hypothesis is he was happy. The label is neutral.
Premise is bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end. Hypothesis is the cyclist was riding in the morning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture. Hypothesis is a crowd of people are taking a picture outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture. Hypothesis is the group of people are frowning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture. Hypothesis is the group of people are smiling for their family photo. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter. Hypothesis is a woman is taking a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter. Hypothesis is the woman is the girl's mom. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter. Hypothesis is the girl is on a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl. Hypothesis is a young model has her first photoshoot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl. Hypothesis is a child is taking pictures of an adult. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person taking pictures of a young brunette girl. Hypothesis is a photographer is working. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child stands in a shower with clothes on. Hypothesis is a child is naked in the shower The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child stands in a shower with clothes on. Hypothesis is a child's clothes are full of mud in the shower The label is neutral.
Premise is a child stands in a shower with clothes on. Hypothesis is a clothed child is in the shower The label is entailment.
Premise is a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event. Hypothesis is the man is riding fast on the four wheeler. The label is neutral.
Premise is a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event. Hypothesis is the man entered a swimming event and is riding a jet ski. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event. Hypothesis is the man is entered in a event. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men cool off under a waterfall. Hypothesis is two women are under a waterfall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men cool off under a waterfall. Hypothesis is two men are under a waterfall. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men cool off under a waterfall. Hypothesis is two brothers are under a waterfall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo. Hypothesis is the man is a worker. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo. Hypothesis is the hose is being used. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo. Hypothesis is the shirt is red. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo. Hypothesis is a worker is cleaning up after a fire. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo. Hypothesis is a man is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.fo. Hypothesis is a man is spraying water on concrete. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man and his son were watching a parade The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man and a boy were riding bikes through town on the sidewalk The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man and the boy were in town The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse. Hypothesis is the woman has a white shirt on. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse. Hypothesis is the woman is holding a purse. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse. Hypothesis is the woman is in her 20s. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road. Hypothesis is the men are driving cars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road. Hypothesis is the men are talking to each other on the side of the rode about their wives. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road. Hypothesis is the men's bikes broke. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of men are riding a moving walkway. Hypothesis is a moving walkway has a group of men riding on it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men are riding a moving walkway. Hypothesis is a group of women are baking in a kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men are riding a moving walkway. Hypothesis is a groups of men at the airport are riding a moving walkway. The label is neutral.
Premise is six men in airport standing on moving walkway Hypothesis is there is a group of people at the airport. The label is entailment.
Premise is six men in airport standing on moving walkway Hypothesis is six men are trying to get to their gate at the airport. The label is neutral.
Premise is six men in airport standing on moving walkway Hypothesis is six men are sitting on a park bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain. Hypothesis is a person is looking at the mountain waiting for the right time to climb it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain. Hypothesis is a person is playing football at the stadium. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain. Hypothesis is a person is situated near a mountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is kids work at computers with a teacher's help. Hypothesis is the kids are learning. The label is entailment.
Premise is kids work at computers with a teacher's help. Hypothesis is the kids sit in front of computers. The label is entailment.
Premise is kids work at computers with a teacher's help. Hypothesis is there is no teacher in the room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale. Hypothesis is two men are next to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale. Hypothesis is a retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale. Hypothesis is a man is being served a dish in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text 'cafe de flo' visible on the cafe canopy banner. Hypothesis is a businessman walks by a closed cafe. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text 'cafe de flo' visible on the cafe canopy banner. Hypothesis is a person walks by a cafe. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text 'cafe de flo' visible on the cafe canopy banner. Hypothesis is a man walks by an open cafe named 'cafe de flo' The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman holding bags behind plantains. Hypothesis is the woman is about to shoplift the fruit to make dinner for her cats. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman holding bags behind plantains. Hypothesis is a lady is holding an object to contain items while she is behind fruit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman holding bags behind plantains. Hypothesis is the woman is holding old trashcans to carry various objecs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field. Hypothesis is the guy chased his dog down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field. Hypothesis is some teams were playing ball in the field. The label is neutral.
Premise is three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field. Hypothesis is there are some players chasing a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures. Hypothesis is a man sitting on the floor with pictures around him. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures. Hypothesis is a man sitting on the floor with photographs around him. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures. Hypothesis is a man sitting on a barren floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class. Hypothesis is a woman is checking out papers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class. Hypothesis is a woman checking papers is a teacher. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class. Hypothesis is a woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation. Hypothesis is a group of students are taking naps. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation. Hypothesis is the college class of mostly females watched a presentation. The label is entailment.
Premise is a classroom of mostly women is being shown a presentation. Hypothesis is the class of mostly females watched a presentation. The label is entailment.
Premise is a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition. Hypothesis is a swimmer is winning The label is neutral.
Premise is a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition. Hypothesis is a swimmer is swimming The label is entailment.
Premise is a swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition. Hypothesis is a man is riding a bike The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window. Hypothesis is a woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window. Hypothesis is a woman holding her sleeping son is thinking about the future. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window. Hypothesis is a woman holding her sleeping son looks out a window. The label is entailment.
Premise is band plays in tight quarters. Hypothesis is the group of people are walking on the sidewalk in the city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is band plays in tight quarters. Hypothesis is the four members of the band are in tight quarters. The label is neutral.
Premise is band plays in tight quarters. Hypothesis is the band is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is three women sit together near woven walls. Hypothesis is the woven walls are multicolored. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women sit together near woven walls. Hypothesis is three women sit together. The label is entailment.
Premise is three women sit together near woven walls. Hypothesis is the three bar tenders work hard pouring drinks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a band playing on stage in a club. Hypothesis is musicians are playing their instruments at a venue The label is entailment.
Premise is a band playing on stage in a club. Hypothesis is a rock band is playing at the 9:30 club The label is neutral.
Premise is a band playing on stage in a club. Hypothesis is the stage crew is cleaning the stage The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd. Hypothesis is a woman performs for the crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd. Hypothesis is the woman is a street performer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd. Hypothesis is a dark haired kid dances for the crowd. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch Hypothesis is three young giraffes are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch Hypothesis is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts The label is neutral.
Premise is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch Hypothesis is three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists. Hypothesis is a female astronaut adjusting to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists. Hypothesis is an astronaut training underwater. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists. Hypothesis is an astronaut working with an alien to repair a satellite. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a worker is doing a job on scaffolding. Hypothesis is a human working The label is entailment.
Premise is a worker is doing a job on scaffolding. Hypothesis is a tall human working The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker is doing a job on scaffolding. Hypothesis is nobody is working The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock. Hypothesis is the guy is on a rock with a skateboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock. Hypothesis is the rock is on a skateboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man gets a skateboard up on a big rock. Hypothesis is the skateboarder is near a rock. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is steering his ship out at sea. Hypothesis is a man is eaten by a shark. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is steering his ship out at sea. Hypothesis is a man pilots his boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is steering his ship out at sea. Hypothesis is a man is sailing to cuba. The label is neutral.
Premise is one woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table. Hypothesis is men taking pictures of women at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table. Hypothesis is women taking pictures of each other at a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is one woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table. Hypothesis is women taking pictures of each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades. Hypothesis is the ledge is made of a hard substance. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades. Hypothesis is the man may lose his balance. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades. Hypothesis is the roller blade wheels are square. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair. Hypothesis is the players are playing rugby. The label is entailment.
Premise is a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair. Hypothesis is the players are playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair. Hypothesis is the players are playing rugby in a championship game. The label is neutral.
Premise is dog running through the snow. Hypothesis is this is the first time the dog has seen snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is dog running through the snow. Hypothesis is a dog tries out frozen water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is dog running through the snow. Hypothesis is the dog is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs. Hypothesis is the woman is in her teens. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting in a chair. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs. Hypothesis is she is over 80 years old. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole. Hypothesis is people celebrate st paddys day The label is neutral.
Premise is a large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole. Hypothesis is people watch men in kilts The label is entailment.
Premise is a large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole. Hypothesis is a cow moo's The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole. Hypothesis is a man is dancing thru the field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole. Hypothesis is a person threw a pole. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a skirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing. Hypothesis is kids are sightseeing The label is entailment.
Premise is kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing. Hypothesis is the kids are in a classroom The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing. Hypothesis is the kids are on a fieldtrip The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying. Hypothesis is a woman is crying. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying. Hypothesis is a woman cries because her husband left. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying. Hypothesis is a naked man in a bar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women in red are performing with nun-chucks. Hypothesis is the women are beating each other up with their bare fists. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women in red are performing with nun-chucks. Hypothesis is women are wielding nun-chucks. The label is entailment.
Premise is women in red are performing with nun-chucks. Hypothesis is the women are auditioning for a kung fu movie. The label is neutral.
Premise is six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building. Hypothesis is they are in a wedding The label is neutral.
Premise is six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building. Hypothesis is 2 women are talking The label is contradiction.
Premise is six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building. Hypothesis is sin men are in tuxedos The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm. Hypothesis is the young boy went swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm. Hypothesis is the young boy is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm. Hypothesis is the young boy is on a farm. The label is neutral.
Premise is this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people. Hypothesis is the roller coaster ride is empty. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people. Hypothesis is the roller coaster ride is filled with people. The label is entailment.
Premise is this is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people. Hypothesis is the roller coaster ride is made from wood. The label is neutral.
Premise is a caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth. Hypothesis is a clown is performing a unicycle trick. The label is neutral.
Premise is a caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth. Hypothesis is a man is riding a unicycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth. Hypothesis is a man is holding a unicycle in a curious manner. The label is entailment.
Premise is kid practicing karate move Hypothesis is a kid is practicing a complicated karate move. The label is neutral.
Premise is kid practicing karate move Hypothesis is a kid is practicing. The label is entailment.
Premise is kid practicing karate move Hypothesis is a man is practicing a karate move. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in london. Hypothesis is a young man waits outdoors in london on a bench. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in london. Hypothesis is the young man is 60 years old. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in london. Hypothesis is the advertisements behind him are for a food. The label is neutral.
Premise is some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door. Hypothesis is the kids are at the beach in the sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door. Hypothesis is the kids are enemies. The label is neutral.
Premise is some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door. Hypothesis is the kids are playing soccer. The label is entailment.
Premise is rock band on stage immersed in light show. Hypothesis is some of the lights are yellow. The label is neutral.
Premise is rock band on stage immersed in light show. Hypothesis is there is a light show. The label is entailment.
Premise is rock band on stage immersed in light show. Hypothesis is all of the lights are dimmed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background. Hypothesis is a band is playing a song for an audience. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background. Hypothesis is a band is playing a concert in a packed stadium. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background. Hypothesis is sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled. Hypothesis is a football player is holding a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled. Hypothesis is a man has dropped a ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled. Hypothesis is a quarterback is holding a ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete. Hypothesis is the woman is running down the path, jogging with earphones in her ears. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete. Hypothesis is there is one woman in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete. Hypothesis is the woman is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs. Hypothesis is a group of people are standing around with smiles are their faces, and in the background are more people and handmade signs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs. Hypothesis is there are a few unhappy people here. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs. Hypothesis is there is a group of people standing around and smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back Hypothesis is a fan has his moment The label is neutral.
Premise is a concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back Hypothesis is the moment the fan saw the light The label is contradiction.
Premise is a concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back Hypothesis is the moment has it's fan The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on. Hypothesis is the man is eating a taco in the middle of the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on. Hypothesis is the man is wearing khakis. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach. Hypothesis is a boy is watching the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach. Hypothesis is a boy is standing in sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach. Hypothesis is a boy is watching a boat float by. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a group of men are indoors watching football while it snows outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a group of women went for a motorcycle ride. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle. Hypothesis is three women are talking and there is a woman on a motorcyle. The label is entailment.
Premise is male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone. Hypothesis is a man is talking to his wife on the phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone. Hypothesis is a man is in his house. The label is entailment.
Premise is male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone. Hypothesis is a man is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields. Hypothesis is the officers are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields. Hypothesis is the police are controlling an unruly crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields. Hypothesis is the cops are sitting in a donut shop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is street vendors preparing and serving grilled food. Hypothesis is street vendors are skillfully grilling food for customers. The label is neutral.
Premise is street vendors preparing and serving grilled food. Hypothesis is a restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is street vendors preparing and serving grilled food. Hypothesis is food is being prepared and served. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process. Hypothesis is a man has surfed for an hour The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process. Hypothesis is a man sleeps in bed The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process. Hypothesis is a man surfs The label is entailment.
Premise is a male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways. Hypothesis is a woman swims by herself through the waves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways. Hypothesis is the man is windsurfing on the ocean. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways. Hypothesis is a windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage. Hypothesis is some people are sitting in a lounge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage. Hypothesis is a crowd is watching people dance. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage. Hypothesis is a crowd is watching a talent show. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is using what looks to be a fax machine. Hypothesis is a sad man is using what looks to be a fax machine. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is using what looks to be a fax machine. Hypothesis is a person is using what looks to be a fax machine. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is using what looks to be a fax machine. Hypothesis is a woman is using what looks to be a fax machine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs. Hypothesis is a child is smiling as he watches a clown. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs. Hypothesis is a child is performing brain surgery. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs. Hypothesis is a young kid is smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags. Hypothesis is an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags and he can be seen leaving the store. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags. Hypothesis is an asian man transports a group of bags. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags. Hypothesis is an asian man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian man is praying at a buddhist temple. Hypothesis is a man is practicing his religion. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian man is praying at a buddhist temple. Hypothesis is the man is making noise and bothering others. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian man is praying at a buddhist temple. Hypothesis is the man has been buddhist his whole life. The label is neutral.
Premise is a band performing at a local bar or club. Hypothesis is the band is playing music The label is entailment.
Premise is a band performing at a local bar or club. Hypothesis is the band is playing rock music The label is neutral.
Premise is a band performing at a local bar or club. Hypothesis is the band is playing music at a large venue The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet. Hypothesis is two people are climbing something. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet. Hypothesis is two men are playing soccer in the field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet. Hypothesis is two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick. Hypothesis is a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick. Hypothesis is a boy swimming in the ocean The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick. Hypothesis is a boy engaged in a leisure activity The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book. Hypothesis is two people are occupied with different content. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book. Hypothesis is the man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looks at an ipad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book. Hypothesis is a man and woman are on a boat in the middle of the sea. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building. Hypothesis is a dog runs far The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building. Hypothesis is a man cleans outside his work The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building. Hypothesis is a man sweeps The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival. Hypothesis is the group of people are part of a cult. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival. Hypothesis is the group of people are scuba divers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival. Hypothesis is the group of people are dressed alike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog. Hypothesis is a saleswoman in a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog. Hypothesis is a dog sells a woman a hat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog. Hypothesis is a woman sells her wares in a busy market. The label is neutral.
Premise is two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk. Hypothesis is two workers blowing leaves on a fall day The label is neutral.
Premise is two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk. Hypothesis is two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for  fun The label is contradiction.
Premise is two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk. Hypothesis is two people outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool. Hypothesis is boy in a pool The label is entailment.
Premise is a small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool. Hypothesis is boy playing in the sandbox The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool. Hypothesis is boy cooling off during the summer The label is neutral.
Premise is africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background. Hypothesis is the  people are in africa The label is neutral.
Premise is africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background. Hypothesis is the people are walking in the dirt The label is entailment.
Premise is men work on a city street. Hypothesis is the men are working The label is entailment.
Premise is men work on a city street. Hypothesis is the men are construction workers The label is neutral.
Premise is men work on a city street. Hypothesis is the men are sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers wearing orange vests work on fence. Hypothesis is guy sitting on fence. The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers wearing orange vests work on fence. Hypothesis is guys working outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is workers wearing orange vests work on fence. Hypothesis is men working to build a fence for customers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd. Hypothesis is the guy in the green cap just got home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd. Hypothesis is a man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd. Hypothesis is the man in the green cap finds something funny. The label is entailment.
Premise is a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble. Hypothesis is a fat woman is wearing a shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble. Hypothesis is a fat woman is topless. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble. Hypothesis is a fat woman is wearing pants. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool Hypothesis is a man is swimming in an indoor pool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool Hypothesis is a man is teaching his granddaughter to swim. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool Hypothesis is a boy is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man chopping wood with an axe. Hypothesis is the man is chopping wood with a hammer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man chopping wood with an axe. Hypothesis is a man is cutting wood. The label is entailment.
Premise is man chopping wood with an axe. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street. Hypothesis is a man on crutches is trying to cross the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street. Hypothesis is a man with a walking stick is next to the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street. Hypothesis is an man on crutches is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard. Hypothesis is these two men are relaxing by the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard. Hypothesis is two people work outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers stretch the canvas of the advertising billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard. Hypothesis is two men work outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena. Hypothesis is a cowboy is swimming in the arena The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena. Hypothesis is a cowboy is riding a bronco outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier. Hypothesis is the young man is a guitar player The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier. Hypothesis is the man is a janice joplin fan. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man, wearing a t-shirt that says joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier. Hypothesis is the man is playing an acoustic guitar. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans. Hypothesis is a young woman drank a lot of soda. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans. Hypothesis is an old man collects soda cans. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans. Hypothesis is an old man smiles in front of soda cans. The label is entailment.
Premise is a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air. Hypothesis is the bubble machine makes candy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air. Hypothesis is a toddler and little girl are blowing bubbles. The label is entailment.
Premise is a toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air. Hypothesis is sisters are using a bubble machine to blow big bubbles. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby. Hypothesis is the two men are taking a lunch break. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby. Hypothesis is two men are standing near an idling bulldozer. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby. Hypothesis is the two men are back at the office. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two soccer players are going after the ball. Hypothesis is they are playing soccer outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is two soccer players are going after the ball. Hypothesis is there are two soccer players. The label is entailment.
Premise is two soccer players are going after the ball. Hypothesis is people are playing baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce. Hypothesis is the boy  was listening to music The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce. Hypothesis is a old man was talking The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce. Hypothesis is the boy was listening The label is neutral.
Premise is the guitarist performs a rocking solo. Hypothesis is the musician is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is the guitarist performs a rocking solo. Hypothesis is the musician is performing The label is entailment.
Premise is the guitarist performs a rocking solo. Hypothesis is the musician is performing his favorite song The label is neutral.
Premise is man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance. Hypothesis is man stares at a painting in a museum. The label is neutral.
Premise is man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance. Hypothesis is man staring off into the distance. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance. Hypothesis is man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds. The label is neutral.
Premise is three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard. Hypothesis is the three adults are outside in the garden. The label is entailment.
Premise is three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard. Hypothesis is they are planting flowers. The label is neutral.
Premise is three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard. Hypothesis is the basketball players are playing ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks. Hypothesis is they plan to go throw rocks into the water The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks. Hypothesis is they bike around together laughing gleefully The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks. Hypothesis is the man and his follows walk along outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a longeared dog running in the grass. Hypothesis is a dog is being groomed at a parlor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a longeared dog running in the grass. Hypothesis is a dog runs in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is a longeared dog running in the grass. Hypothesis is a beagle runs in the grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle. Hypothesis is the husband mows the lawn. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle. Hypothesis is a male is engaging in something acrobatic. The label is entailment.
Premise is the guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle. Hypothesis is the circus performer wows the crowd with his feat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches. Hypothesis is the man is street performer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches. Hypothesis is a man is standing on his hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches. Hypothesis is the kid is standing on two hands in the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child buried in the sand. Hypothesis is the child is swimming at the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child buried in the sand. Hypothesis is the child has sand on him or her. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child buried in the sand. Hypothesis is the child is dead. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach. Hypothesis is the girl is sitting on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach. Hypothesis is a young girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach. Hypothesis is the girl runs through the grass outside her school. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk. Hypothesis is a man is near a desk and a computer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk. Hypothesis is a man in a gray shirt is outdoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk. Hypothesis is a man in a gray shirt is working on a novel. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is riding a bicycle in the street. Hypothesis is a bicycle is being ridden The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is riding a bicycle in the street. Hypothesis is a man is suntanning on a cave The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is riding a bicycle in the street. Hypothesis is the man is chasing after his daughter The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy on rollerblades, sliding across a rail. Hypothesis is the male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy on rollerblades, sliding across a rail. Hypothesis is the rollderblader is using the rail. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy on rollerblades, sliding across a rail. Hypothesis is the skateboarder rides the rail. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy plays on a pile of rocks. Hypothesis is a boy is playing army with action figures on rocks. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy plays on a pile of rocks. Hypothesis is a girl is having a tea party in her room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy plays on a pile of rocks. Hypothesis is a boy is playing on rocks. The label is entailment.
Premise is one man cutting through ice on a cold day. Hypothesis is the man cut the ice wrong. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man cutting through ice on a cold day. Hypothesis is the man is cutting through ice. The label is entailment.
Premise is one man cutting through ice on a cold day. Hypothesis is the man is running around his house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face. Hypothesis is the man bet the other man to eat 40 cookies The label is neutral.
Premise is a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face. Hypothesis is both men were stuffing their faces The label is contradiction.
Premise is a laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face. Hypothesis is the man was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face The label is neutral.
Premise is three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts. Hypothesis is three small dogs run on the moon The label is contradiction.
Premise is three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts. Hypothesis is three small dogs run through the grass during the day The label is neutral.
Premise is three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts. Hypothesis is there are animals outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left. Hypothesis is a male has clothes on and is outside walking down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left. Hypothesis is the man is sleeping in his jail cell. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left. Hypothesis is the man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner didn't notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking. Hypothesis is the two women are amused. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking. Hypothesis is the women are angry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking. Hypothesis is the women just heard a joke. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod. Hypothesis is a woman sets up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod. Hypothesis is a woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod. Hypothesis is a woman is setting up a camera on a tripod The label is entailment.
Premise is a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees. Hypothesis is the person is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees. Hypothesis is the bike is black. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees. Hypothesis is the man is indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration. Hypothesis is the man is protesting for better wages. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration. Hypothesis is a woman grabs a man's crotch during a protest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration. Hypothesis is the man is making a crude gesture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog and a cow play together inside the fence. Hypothesis is a dog and cow are playing with hay. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog and a cow play together inside the fence. Hypothesis is a dog and cow are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog and a cow play together inside the fence. Hypothesis is a dog and cow are chasing the horse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill. Hypothesis is a young man is grilling food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill. Hypothesis is a young man is grilling hotdogs for a memorial day party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill. Hypothesis is a young man is grilling fish in his underwear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror Hypothesis is people look at their reflection in new york city. The label is neutral.
Premise is people looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror Hypothesis is people checking out their reflection. The label is entailment.
Premise is people looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror Hypothesis is people look their reflection in a regular mirror. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small child is riding in a red wagon. Hypothesis is a kid is playing inside the house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small child is riding in a red wagon. Hypothesis is a kid is in a wagon. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child is riding in a red wagon. Hypothesis is a kid is in a wagon and someone is pulling it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt. Hypothesis is someone made one of the girls cry. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt. Hypothesis is two girls are wearing blue shirts. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt. Hypothesis is two boys are playing together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background. Hypothesis is four friends at the beach pose in the water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background. Hypothesis is four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday. The label is neutral.
Premise is three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background. Hypothesis is four people pose for an outdoor photo. The label is entailment.
Premise is she is standing outside a building. Hypothesis is a female is outside, standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is she is standing outside a building. Hypothesis is a woman is posing for a selfie. The label is neutral.
Premise is she is standing outside a building. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting at her desk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert. Hypothesis is a man is watching another man skateboard at a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert. Hypothesis is a man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert. Hypothesis is a man is on a motorbike. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people wearing black blindfolds near a 'salvar o planeta' sign. Hypothesis is there are 3 people with blindfolds The label is entailment.
Premise is three people wearing black blindfolds near a 'salvar o planeta' sign. Hypothesis is they are protesting The label is neutral.
Premise is three people wearing black blindfolds near a 'salvar o planeta' sign. Hypothesis is they can all see The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery. Hypothesis is a machine takes down architecture as a man sprays water on it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery. Hypothesis is a man throws rocks at a wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water. Hypothesis is the building is being painted. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water. Hypothesis is the demolition vehicle is being operated. The label is entailment.
Premise is a demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water. Hypothesis is the man is spraying water on the rubble so that it doesn't get too dusty as the building is demolished. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller. Hypothesis is a woman with two blue cars sits in a parking lot The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller. Hypothesis is a woman rests near her baby The label is neutral.
Premise is a young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller. Hypothesis is a girl eats on a bench near a stroller The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people building gingerbread houses. Hypothesis is a group of schoolchildren are working on a gingerbread house neighborhood for class. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people building gingerbread houses. Hypothesis is a man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people building gingerbread houses. Hypothesis is more than one person is working on edible buildings. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. Hypothesis is people are sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. Hypothesis is everyone is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people sitting and knitting. Hypothesis is a group of women are knitting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining. Hypothesis is the girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining. Hypothesis is the girl in pink holding an umbrella. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining. Hypothesis is the girl in a blue dress is standing in the rain with an umbrella. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors. Hypothesis is a woman is active The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors. Hypothesis is a woman is practicing for the olympics The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors. Hypothesis is the woman is cooking in the kitchen The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade. Hypothesis is the women are driving down the road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade. Hypothesis is women are watching a parade. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade. Hypothesis is they think the men are handsome. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at a phtographer The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer. Hypothesis is a woman is tying her shoes The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer. Hypothesis is a woman wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree. Hypothesis is the kid is in front of the tree The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree. Hypothesis is the kid is on saturn The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree. Hypothesis is the kid is in front of the tree on christmas eve The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv. Hypothesis is man out for a jog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv. Hypothesis is man in relaxed clothing lounging in a chair watching tv The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man wearing a hoodie, pants, and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv. Hypothesis is man sitting in a red chair flipping through tv channels. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is laid back in front of a tv. Hypothesis is a man is relaxing The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is laid back in front of a tv. Hypothesis is he is watching the news The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is laid back in front of a tv. Hypothesis is the man is standing in the kitchen The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy playing outside on the cement. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with a toy car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy playing outside on the cement. Hypothesis is a boy is outside playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy playing outside on the cement. Hypothesis is a boy is doing homework. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman running in a park while listening to music. Hypothesis is a woman exercising for the day. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman running in a park while listening to music. Hypothesis is a man cooking at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman running in a park while listening to music. Hypothesis is a woman jogging in a park. The label is entailment.
Premise is two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink. Hypothesis is two opponents are getting ready to face off in a hockey game. The label is neutral.
Premise is two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink. Hypothesis is two men are getting ready to play basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink. Hypothesis is hockey players are standing on the ice rink. The label is entailment.
Premise is people hurrying to get to work in a busy city. Hypothesis is people rushing to get to work. The label is entailment.
Premise is people hurrying to get to work in a busy city. Hypothesis is people rushing to get to work in a busy city cause they are late. The label is neutral.
Premise is people hurrying to get to work in a busy city. Hypothesis is people waiting at a bus stop. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan. Hypothesis is a woman is portioning out soup for the workers. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan. Hypothesis is a woman is measuring out wine from a barrel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan. Hypothesis is a woman is handling food containers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large american flag. Hypothesis is a construction man takes a break to salute the flag. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large american flag. Hypothesis is a man saluting the american flag. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background. Hypothesis is a lady is taking pictures at a party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background. Hypothesis is a lady uses a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background. Hypothesis is a lady is filming the party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man preparing to bat in a baseball game. Hypothesis is the woman is playing baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man preparing to bat in a baseball game. Hypothesis is a man is going to play baseball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man preparing to bat in a baseball game. Hypothesis is the man is on a team. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street. Hypothesis is the girl is riding down a dirt street The label is neutral.
Premise is woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street. Hypothesis is the women rides a scooter down the street The label is entailment.
Premise is woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street. Hypothesis is the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue purse The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy with red shorts getting soaked with water. Hypothesis is a boy is getting splashed. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy with red shorts getting soaked with water. Hypothesis is the boy is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy with red shorts getting soaked with water. Hypothesis is the boy is not wet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a silk shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis. Hypothesis is a woman is in the shower. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball. Hypothesis is a person is holding a tennis racket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball. Hypothesis is a person is standing on a tennis court. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball. Hypothesis is the person is taking a nap in their bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man working at the top of a telephone pole. Hypothesis is the guy is hunting in the woods. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man working at the top of a telephone pole. Hypothesis is a man is working outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man working at the top of a telephone pole. Hypothesis is a man is checking the telephone wires. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass. Hypothesis is the stockings are white and purple. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass. Hypothesis is the boots have a hole in them. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass. Hypothesis is a person is wearing boots. The label is entailment.
Premise is a nighttime street scene of a restaurant. Hypothesis is the restaurant is open at night. The label is entailment.
Premise is a nighttime street scene of a restaurant. Hypothesis is a nighttime scene of an apartment building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a nighttime street scene of a restaurant. Hypothesis is the restaurant is about to close. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw. Hypothesis is the guy is dancing to michael jackson The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw. Hypothesis is the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw. Hypothesis is the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw wood for a house The label is neutral.
Premise is a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road. Hypothesis is two women arm wrestle in a bar The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road. Hypothesis is a woman runs quickly down a road The label is neutral.
Premise is a female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road. Hypothesis is a lady runs wearing red and black The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting. Hypothesis is a dad took his child to a museum to see a famous painting. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting. Hypothesis is a male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting. Hypothesis is a dad and his kid is fishing in the middle of the pacific ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in black outfits drinking beer. Hypothesis is people eat chunks of meat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in black outfits drinking beer. Hypothesis is people drink a beverage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people in black outfits drinking beer. Hypothesis is people drink beer at the pub. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. Hypothesis is there is only one person present. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is three women are dressed in ninja costumes. Hypothesis is the ninja costumes are black. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him. Hypothesis is a group are celebrating the 4th of july. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people at a 4th of july celebration, with one man standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him. Hypothesis is the group are celebrating christmas. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court. Hypothesis is a man is competing with others on a soccor court The label is neutral.
Premise is man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court. Hypothesis is a man is preaparing to play a game The label is neutral.
Premise is man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court. Hypothesis is a man is a t a soccor court The label is entailment.
Premise is female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background. Hypothesis is one player on the women's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on. The label is entailment.
Premise is female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background. Hypothesis is a group of women are soaked from the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background. Hypothesis is some women are playing a sport. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums. Hypothesis is two men in cultural garb are playing drums among a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd and two males dressed in different cultural attire playing the drums. Hypothesis is two men in cultural garb play the drums for a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs are playing catch in a field. Hypothesis is the two dogs are playing with a frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs are playing catch in a field. Hypothesis is the two dogs are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs are playing catch in a field. Hypothesis is the two dogs are resting in the field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something. Hypothesis is a man and his son are looking at something. The label is neutral.
Premise is man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something. Hypothesis is a woman and her dog are eating breakfast. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something. Hypothesis is a man and a child look at something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board. Hypothesis is a person is windsurfing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board. Hypothesis is the windsurfer is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board. Hypothesis is no one is windsurfing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is many people have decided to take a rest on the steps. Hypothesis is the people are on the famous steps rocky runs up in a training montage. The label is neutral.
Premise is many people have decided to take a rest on the steps. Hypothesis is the people are all running very fast in the boston marathon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is many people have decided to take a rest on the steps. Hypothesis is people are taking a break from their activities. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car. Hypothesis is a man stands on his tip toes in front of two people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car. Hypothesis is a man missing his legs sits in a wheelchair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car. Hypothesis is a short man stands on his tip toes in front of two people. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself. Hypothesis is the woman is asian. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself. Hypothesis is the woman is in a wheelchair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself. Hypothesis is a woman is walking past a brick wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash. Hypothesis is a group of people are helping an accident victim on the highway. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash. Hypothesis is some firemen are putting out a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash. Hypothesis is a group of people are turning over a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in an apron is looking for bread. Hypothesis is a woman is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in an apron is looking for bread. Hypothesis is a woman is talking on the phone in her bedroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in an apron is looking for bread. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing an apron. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men at a table having drinks. Hypothesis is two women are talking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men at a table having drinks. Hypothesis is two people are drinking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels. Hypothesis is a boy is pushing the scooter. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels. Hypothesis is the girl is wearing shoes The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels. Hypothesis is a girl is pushing a scooter. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain. Hypothesis is a child sits next to a storm drain. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain. Hypothesis is a child is sitting next to a computer desk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is playing drums with a band. Hypothesis is a man is playing an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is playing drums with a band. Hypothesis is a man is playing at the music festival. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is playing drums with a band. Hypothesis is a man is singing with a band. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple walking down the street. Hypothesis is an old couple walking, holding hands The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple walking down the street. Hypothesis is a couple dancing to music The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple walking down the street. Hypothesis is people walking outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard. Hypothesis is a woman struggles to swim after falling into a strong current. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard. Hypothesis is a woman is wakeboarding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard. Hypothesis is a woman lays on a pool float. The label is contradiction.
Premise is right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone. Hypothesis is the right leg is in a brace The label is entailment.
Premise is right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone. Hypothesis is the boy is walking around The label is contradiction.
Premise is right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone. Hypothesis is the boy is not happy The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest. Hypothesis is the girl is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest. Hypothesis is the girl is jumping because she is happy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest. Hypothesis is the girl is jumping in the air, while she is at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a swing. Hypothesis is a boy playing The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a swing. Hypothesis is boy swinging The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a swing. Hypothesis is boy swimming The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them. Hypothesis is a woman picks a flower out of a bucket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them. Hypothesis is a woman picks a flower for her mother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them. Hypothesis is a man writes in a journal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction. Hypothesis is a mass of people moving the same way. The label is entailment.
Premise is a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction. Hypothesis is a mass of people moving in the same direction in order to find the object. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction. Hypothesis is a few people walked in random directions. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bmx rider is in midair while on a dirt trail. Hypothesis is the bmx rider is at home watching the x games. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bmx rider is in midair while on a dirt trail. Hypothesis is the bmx rider is getting dirt on his clothes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bmx rider is in midair while on a dirt trail. Hypothesis is the bmx rider is riding a two wheeled vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building. Hypothesis is a group of construction workers is taking a break. The label is entailment.
Premise is six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building. Hypothesis is a soccer team is standing outside of a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building. Hypothesis is a construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling. Hypothesis is two young people are in love. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling. Hypothesis is two young people are angry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling. Hypothesis is two young people sit in a black chair happily. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people. Hypothesis is two people sign copies of books. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people. Hypothesis is a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people. Hypothesis is two people sign copies of their latest novel. The label is entailment.
Premise is two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it. Hypothesis is the men are playing wind instruments. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it. Hypothesis is they are working near a brick building. The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it. Hypothesis is two workers are working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools. Hypothesis is a contractor looks at the job The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools. Hypothesis is a man stands in a construction site The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools. Hypothesis is a cat meows The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains. Hypothesis is two men lie in the sand of a desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains. Hypothesis is a couple people enjoy the water near the mountains. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt. Hypothesis is the dogs are chasing a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt. Hypothesis is the tennis ball is clean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt. Hypothesis is the tennis ball was thrown really far. The label is neutral.
Premise is pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture. Hypothesis is a lumberjack harvesting massive redwoods. The label is neutral.
Premise is pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture. Hypothesis is a smiling man with his pink spring trees. The label is neutral.
Premise is pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture. Hypothesis is a person surrounded by spring trees. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing alone in a park. Hypothesis is a man alone at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing alone in a park. Hypothesis is a man alone in the park The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing alone in a park. Hypothesis is a man alone in the park up to no good The label is neutral.
Premise is a person lies in a grassy area near a building. Hypothesis is the person is jumping on a trampoline. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person lies in a grassy area near a building. Hypothesis is there is a person outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person lies in a grassy area near a building. Hypothesis is a man is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is two small children walk away in a field. Hypothesis is two small children walk towards their parents in a field. The label is neutral.
Premise is two small children walk away in a field. Hypothesis is two small children are sitting down, eating ice cream. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two small children walk away in a field. Hypothesis is two small children walk outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field. Hypothesis is kids are walking through a mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field. Hypothesis is kids are walking in a field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field. Hypothesis is kids are playing in the field. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people are bike riding. Hypothesis is a team of polo players are practicing with their horses. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people are bike riding. Hypothesis is some people are riding bicycles. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people are bike riding. Hypothesis is a group of siblings are riding their bikes to school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market. Hypothesis is the man is selling pirated dvds The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market. Hypothesis is the man is intelligent The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market. Hypothesis is a man has long red hair The label is entailment.
Premise is two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other. Hypothesis is skateboarders race for money. The label is neutral.
Premise is two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other. Hypothesis is two snowboarders race. The label is entailment.
Premise is two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other. Hypothesis is two skateboarders race. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio. Hypothesis is a woman is smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio. Hypothesis is the woman is frowning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio. Hypothesis is the woman is happy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain. Hypothesis is a biker is riding for a charity event through the center of town. The label is neutral.
Premise is a biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain. Hypothesis is a biker is close to the fountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is a biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain. Hypothesis is a biker rides next to the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance. Hypothesis is a gymnast scanning a crowd for familiar faces. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance. Hypothesis is a gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she hadn't been attending her lessons. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance. Hypothesis is luchadores force all other athletes off a competition field with their furious grappling. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat. Hypothesis is a gal is holding a stuffed dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a stuffed animal. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat. Hypothesis is a female is posing for the camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band. Hypothesis is nobody has a trumpet The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band. Hypothesis is a human with a trumpet The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band. Hypothesis is a great human with a big trumpet The label is neutral.
Premise is a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door. Hypothesis is a kid looks out of a window. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door. Hypothesis is a child is being held by his mother at the mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door. Hypothesis is a blond haired kid looks through his front door at the mailman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a fighter jet plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night. Hypothesis is the fighter plane is in korea. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a fighter jet plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night. Hypothesis is the fighter plane has no one inside of it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a fighter jet plane is landed outside notre dame cathedral at night. Hypothesis is the fighter jet plane is not moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple about to kiss somewhere. Hypothesis is a couple are kissing on new years eve as the ball drops. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple about to kiss somewhere. Hypothesis is a couple is throwing food at passing cars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple about to kiss somewhere. Hypothesis is a couple is going to kiss. The label is entailment.
Premise is a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her. Hypothesis is the ballerina is sleeping soundly. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her. Hypothesis is the ballerina hates this. The label is neutral.
Premise is a ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her. Hypothesis is the ballerina's leg is lifted behind her. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set. Hypothesis is the man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set. Hypothesis is the man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set. Hypothesis is a man in a black hat is swinging with some children. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street. Hypothesis is a man is painting new york city. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street. Hypothesis is a man is painting outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street. Hypothesis is a man is painting some dolphins. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background. Hypothesis is the woman is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background. Hypothesis is the woman sitting is asian. The label is neutral.
Premise is a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail. Hypothesis is a train conductor is standing in a door. The label is entailment.
Premise is a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail. Hypothesis is the conductor is walking in a field. The label is neutral.
Premise is a train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail. Hypothesis is a man is wearing coveralls. The label is neutral.
Premise is the dogs run a race at the track. Hypothesis is a group of dogs are racingon a track. The label is entailment.
Premise is the dogs run a race at the track. Hypothesis is people are betting on dogs at a track. The label is neutral.
Premise is the dogs run a race at the track. Hypothesis is dogs are chasing bunnies in a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe. Hypothesis is a costume is being worn by a performer. The label is entailment.
Premise is performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe. Hypothesis is the actor playing voldemort is wearing a scary mask and a black and white robe. The label is neutral.
Premise is performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe. Hypothesis is the performer is naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four entertainers dressed in roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater. Hypothesis is people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is four entertainers dressed in roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater. Hypothesis is actors are on broadway. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four entertainers dressed in roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater. Hypothesis is professional actors are doing summer stock. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young adults with 'x' on their hands, smiling. Hypothesis is the group of adults are crying hysterially. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young adults with 'x' on their hands, smiling. Hypothesis is the group of adults is happy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young adults with 'x' on their hands, smiling. Hypothesis is they are all under 21 at a club. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols. Hypothesis is the young white girl is sitting by the sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols. Hypothesis is the young white girl is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols. Hypothesis is the young white girl is standing on a street while it's sunny outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is this off-roading driver has tipped his truck. Hypothesis is a truck is on it's side. The label is entailment.
Premise is this off-roading driver has tipped his truck. Hypothesis is an off-roading truck was totalled. The label is neutral.
Premise is this off-roading driver has tipped his truck. Hypothesis is a ferrari goes through the drive-thru. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street. Hypothesis is the man is walking to the supermarket. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street. Hypothesis is the man is running down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a speaking woman at a podium has the phrase 'armenian genocide' written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits. Hypothesis is the woman has sounds emanting from her mouth. The label is entailment.
Premise is a speaking woman at a podium has the phrase 'armenian genocide' written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits. Hypothesis is the woman is armenian. The label is neutral.
Premise is a speaking woman at a podium has the phrase 'armenian genocide' written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits. Hypothesis is the men are naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market. Hypothesis is people shopping for veggies and fruit at a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market. Hypothesis is people shopping for veggies at a nice market. The label is neutral.
Premise is people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market. Hypothesis is people shopping for junk at a flea market. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room. Hypothesis is four young boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room. The label is neutral.
Premise is four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room. Hypothesis is four clothed children relaxing in a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room. Hypothesis is three middle aged men work at desks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books. Hypothesis is man takes library books back from customers. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books. Hypothesis is man sells books to crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books. Hypothesis is man handling books while sitting in chair. The label is entailment.
Premise is motorcycle rider going over a bump. Hypothesis is camel rider going over a bump. The label is contradiction.
Premise is motorcycle rider going over a bump. Hypothesis is motorcycle rider going over a big bump. The label is neutral.
Premise is motorcycle rider going over a bump. Hypothesis is motorcycle rider riding over a bump. The label is entailment.
Premise is two bearded men sit side by side. Hypothesis is three women are sitting on a blanket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two bearded men sit side by side. Hypothesis is two men are sitting together at a park. The label is neutral.
Premise is two bearded men sit side by side. Hypothesis is two men are sitting down. The label is entailment.
Premise is five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument. Hypothesis is there are five individuals near a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument. Hypothesis is the people are friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument. Hypothesis is the people are seated next to a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the small boy is running through a grassy area. Hypothesis is the boy is in his room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the small boy is running through a grassy area. Hypothesis is a boy is running outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is the small boy is running through a grassy area. Hypothesis is the boy is in a park. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains. Hypothesis is two people are riding on bikes outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains. Hypothesis is two people are hiking up a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains. Hypothesis is two people are in a bike race. The label is neutral.
Premise is four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast. Hypothesis is children are eating cereal. The label is neutral.
Premise is four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast. Hypothesis is children are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast. Hypothesis is children are eating. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a woman is climbing a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a woman is skiing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a woman is skiing down a hill in colorado. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building. Hypothesis is a guy is doing skateboard tricks outside a building to promote a movie. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building. Hypothesis is a person with a dark top is outside doing something active. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building. Hypothesis is two men are pointing guns at each other on a dusty trail. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks. Hypothesis is a princess in white dress was there in crowd The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks. Hypothesis is people were chasing the white dressed angel The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks. Hypothesis is nobody seen her when the angel came on earth The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her. Hypothesis is lady with matching pink bag and blouse reaches toward man next to her. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her. Hypothesis is lady in pink reaches to shake hands with man sitting beside her. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her. Hypothesis is lady in red storms out of a cafe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle. Hypothesis is a tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle. Hypothesis is a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle. Hypothesis is a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses eats the camera The label is contradiction.
Premise is sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose. Hypothesis is there are dogs. The label is entailment.
Premise is sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose. Hypothesis is the dogs are sitting still. The label is contradiction.
Premise is sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose. Hypothesis is there are two groups of dogs, some are loose. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform. Hypothesis is two men wrestle in uniform. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform. Hypothesis is two men enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the canadian flag on his uniform. Hypothesis is two men wrestle in national competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. Hypothesis is students are inside of a movie theater The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. Hypothesis is students are inside of a museum The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite. Hypothesis is a teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip The label is neutral.
Premise is blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture. Hypothesis is there are twelve police cars in the photo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture. Hypothesis is the six people are all police. The label is neutral.
Premise is blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture. Hypothesis is there are two police vehicles in the photo. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of swimmers jump into a pool. Hypothesis is a group of swimmers are jumping into water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of swimmers jump into a pool. Hypothesis is a group of swimmers are sitting on an airplane on the way to their swimming competition. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of swimmers jump into a pool. Hypothesis is a group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects. Hypothesis is a man standing with his purchases of the day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects. Hypothesis is a man in a white turban holds an empty basket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the person is fishing, with waves splashing around him. Hypothesis is the person is sitting at home watching television. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the person is fishing, with waves splashing around him. Hypothesis is there are lots of fish landing on the person's line today. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed. Hypothesis is two boys in bed. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed. Hypothesis is two children sleeping in a bedroom. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed. Hypothesis is children playing in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums. Hypothesis is three women play the drums The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums. Hypothesis is three brothers pound on some drums The label is neutral.
Premise is three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums. Hypothesis is three men pound on some drums The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery. Hypothesis is two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery. Hypothesis is two men in workers gear are on a large ship with machinery The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery. Hypothesis is two men are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other. Hypothesis is a lady is eating sushi at her desk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other. Hypothesis is a lady just exited starbucks. The label is neutral.
Premise is fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event. Hypothesis is there are fans drinking beer at a sporting event. The label is neutral.
Premise is fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event. Hypothesis is the fans are wearing blue and red for a sporting event. The label is contradiction.
Premise is fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event. Hypothesis is there are fans at a sporting event. The label is entailment.
Premise is a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife. Hypothesis is the chef is dicing fish with his knife. The label is entailment.
Premise is a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife. Hypothesis is the chef is at home, fast asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife. Hypothesis is the chef is preparing sushi. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below. Hypothesis is the crowd is a mob The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below. Hypothesis is a crwod is cheering The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below. Hypothesis is the crowd is on planet mars The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female guitarist is playing on stage. Hypothesis is the woman is doing a solo piece at church. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female guitarist is playing on stage. Hypothesis is a woman is playing her instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female guitarist is playing on stage. Hypothesis is the woman is playing the piano on the stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man scales a rock climbing wall. Hypothesis is a man rock climbing after nearly falling to his death. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man scales a rock climbing wall. Hypothesis is a man rock climbing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man scales a rock climbing wall. Hypothesis is a man reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a family with young children sits down outside. Hypothesis is a man and wife sit outside with their children. The label is neutral.
Premise is a family with young children sits down outside. Hypothesis is there is a family sitting outside with their children. The label is entailment.
Premise is a family with young children sits down outside. Hypothesis is a father is walking the dog with his children. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation. Hypothesis is two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone The label is entailment.
Premise is two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation. Hypothesis is two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone The label is neutral.
Premise is construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge. Hypothesis is the bridge is wood The label is entailment.
Premise is construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge. Hypothesis is the men are nervous The label is neutral.
Premise is construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge. Hypothesis is the bridge is metal The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman getting her face painted for a parade. Hypothesis is the woman is on a float The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman getting her face painted for a parade. Hypothesis is the woman has make-up on her body The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman getting her face painted for a parade. Hypothesis is the woman is surfing The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos. Hypothesis is one of the men is actually sasquatch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos. Hypothesis is the three men are wealthy businessman who own the company's whose logos they are standing in front of. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos. Hypothesis is there are three men sitting at a poker table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos. Hypothesis is three men are celebrating a business achievement. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos. Hypothesis is three men are dressed in suits. The label is entailment.
Premise is two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night. Hypothesis is the officers are actually security guards. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night. Hypothesis is the mall cops patrol a store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot, at night. Hypothesis is a couple cops keep an eye on the parking lot. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are nearby. Hypothesis is a man is outdoors The label is neutral.
Premise is a person doing a trick on a snowboard. Hypothesis is a snowboarder is performing tricks. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person doing a trick on a snowboard. Hypothesis is a person is ice skating. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person doing a trick on a snowboard. Hypothesis is a pro snowboarder is competing in the olympics. The label is neutral.
Premise is a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail. Hypothesis is the snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail. Hypothesis is the snowboarder is grinding a rail. The label is entailment.
Premise is a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail. Hypothesis is a snowboarder is practicing a new trick. The label is neutral.
Premise is a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym. Hypothesis is the child is sitting on a bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym. Hypothesis is a child is playing outside on a jungle gym. The label is entailment.
Premise is a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym. Hypothesis is a barefoot child has shoes nearby. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling. Hypothesis is a mother and daughter are chatting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling. Hypothesis is the females are sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling. Hypothesis is the women are standing and frowning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a father and son are in a field of yellow flowers. Hypothesis is people are surrounded by flowers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a father and son are in a field of yellow flowers. Hypothesis is people are moving a sofa. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a father and son are in a field of yellow flowers. Hypothesis is people are picking flowers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags. Hypothesis is a young girl with glasses holds two ice cream cones. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags. Hypothesis is a young girl celebrates the 4th of july by holding two flags. The label is neutral.
Premise is 2 women and 2 girls crossing the road Hypothesis is there are 4 female humans who are moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is 2 women and 2 girls crossing the road Hypothesis is a group of girls and women are laughing as they cross the road. The label is neutral.
Premise is 2 women and 2 girls crossing the road Hypothesis is four male humans crossing the road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures. Hypothesis is there are a group of people The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures. Hypothesis is the group is on vacation The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures. Hypothesis is the group is at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress. Hypothesis is the man is sitting on the curb with a woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress. Hypothesis is a man on the steps is being photographed by a girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is a gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress. Hypothesis is the woman is taking the man's photo for a magazine. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store. Hypothesis is people are looking inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store. Hypothesis is people are looking outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store. Hypothesis is the crowd is all men The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy playing with two rubber chickens. Hypothesis is the boy is asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy playing with two rubber chickens. Hypothesis is the boy is outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy playing with two rubber chickens. Hypothesis is the boy is playing with toys. The label is entailment.
Premise is man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain. Hypothesis is the man in the yellow jacket is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain. Hypothesis is the man is sitting on a chair in his house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a bathing suit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building. Hypothesis is the woman is doing laundry. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a dress. The label is entailment.
Premise is the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee. Hypothesis is two dogs sleep in a dog bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee. Hypothesis is two dogs are playing catch at the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is the two dogs are playing catch with a red frisbee. Hypothesis is two dogs are playing together. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them. Hypothesis is treasure hunters flock to an estate sale, with a lot of antique furniture for sale. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them. Hypothesis is people are indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them. Hypothesis is a happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts. Hypothesis is four men and a young boy are at the lake swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts. Hypothesis is the group of men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts. The label is neutral.
Premise is four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts. Hypothesis is five total people are near a table with objects on it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat. Hypothesis is a woman is doing laundry. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat. Hypothesis is nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat. Hypothesis is a woman is folding her pants at the laundromat. The label is neutral.
Premise is the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open. Hypothesis is two bears are looking at each other with mouths open. The label is entailment.
Premise is the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open. Hypothesis is five foxes are looking at each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open. Hypothesis is two bears are facing each other in the woods with their mouths open. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man leads the way in a race. Hypothesis is the man is last place in the race. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man leads the way in a race. Hypothesis is the man is running a marathon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man leads the way in a race. Hypothesis is the man is currently competing. The label is entailment.
Premise is the children play in the pool. Hypothesis is the children are in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is the children play in the pool. Hypothesis is the children are playing marco polo. The label is neutral.
Premise is the children play in the pool. Hypothesis is the children are studying fractions inside the classroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a motocross rider rides in the air over a bar. Hypothesis is the rider is in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is a motocross rider rides in the air over a bar. Hypothesis is a motocross rider performs a trick during a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a motocross rider rides in the air over a bar. Hypothesis is a girl rides a scooter through the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing. Hypothesis is the man in playing a bango inside a bar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing. Hypothesis is the man has a great singing voice. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing. Hypothesis is a man is playing a guitar outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark Hypothesis is a man asleep on his snowboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark Hypothesis is a guy riding a skateboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark Hypothesis is a guy riding a skateboard in the rain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch. Hypothesis is a person is driving in front of other people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch. Hypothesis is a race car driver is doing laps in front of other people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch. Hypothesis is a biker is getting ready to race against his opponents. The label is neutral.
Premise is some elderly people are playing instruments in a park. Hypothesis is the old man is playing the guitar. The label is neutral.
Premise is some elderly people are playing instruments in a park. Hypothesis is a group of old people are outdoors playing music. The label is entailment.
Premise is some elderly people are playing instruments in a park. Hypothesis is the old people are sleeping in the living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers. Hypothesis is a happy kid and some flowers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers. Hypothesis is a kid and some flowers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers. Hypothesis is an old person in a field of poppies. The label is contradiction.
Premise is dog yawns Hypothesis is a dog has its mouth open. The label is entailment.
Premise is dog yawns Hypothesis is a yawning dog is tired and sleepy. The label is neutral.
Premise is dog yawns Hypothesis is a dog is singing the national anthem. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with a firetruck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib. Hypothesis is a girl is holding a bib. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib. Hypothesis is a girl just finished eating. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats. Hypothesis is people are at a nascar race The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats. Hypothesis is people are boarding and disembarking some boats The label is entailment.
Premise is a boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats. Hypothesis is people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour The label is neutral.
Premise is tourists waiting outside of a home to visit. Hypothesis is people waiting for their grandmother to let them in a home. The label is neutral.
Premise is tourists waiting outside of a home to visit. Hypothesis is people waiting in line at a fast food restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is tourists waiting outside of a home to visit. Hypothesis is people standing outside of a house. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling. Hypothesis is the dog is red The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling. Hypothesis is the dog is large The label is entailment.
Premise is a large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling. Hypothesis is the dog is happy The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background. Hypothesis is someone was trying to take a shortcut home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background. Hypothesis is a scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background. Hypothesis is a bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling. Hypothesis is the man brought his horse to the office. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling. Hypothesis is the man works in the office. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling. Hypothesis is the man is in an office. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball. Hypothesis is the male is playing in a tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball. Hypothesis is the male has at least one prosthetic leg. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball. Hypothesis is the male is playing soccer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs. Hypothesis is a man skates outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs. Hypothesis is a man yawns and stretches, tired from a day of work. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women in tank tops are drinking. Hypothesis is two women in tank tops drinking The label is entailment.
Premise is two women in tank tops are drinking. Hypothesis is two topless women are making out. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women in tank tops are drinking. Hypothesis is two women are on vacation getting drunk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue. Hypothesis is a group of people doesn't care about the stadium they are sitting in. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue. Hypothesis is a group of people are excited to be here. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue. Hypothesis is a group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background. Hypothesis is nobody has a hat The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background. Hypothesis is a tall person with a hat The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background. Hypothesis is a person with a hat The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard. Hypothesis is the young men are working outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard. Hypothesis is the young men are working to level an area of the yard to put in a new basketball court. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard. Hypothesis is the young men laze about on the beach, sunning themselves in the afternoon sun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents. Hypothesis is two fishermen are emptying their catch from a barrel. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents. Hypothesis is a man and woman are emptying the barrel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents. Hypothesis is two men are emptying a barrel. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert. Hypothesis is a woman cuts eggplant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert. Hypothesis is a man approaches a woman's house on business. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called wilbert. Hypothesis is a man looks mysterious. The label is entailment.
Premise is man sits at the doorway of barber shop. Hypothesis is a man is seated The label is entailment.
Premise is man sits at the doorway of barber shop. Hypothesis is the man is a barber The label is neutral.
Premise is man sits at the doorway of barber shop. Hypothesis is the man is standing in the roof The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp. Hypothesis is an old man rides a skateboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp. Hypothesis is a person rides a skateboard well. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp. Hypothesis is a person rides a skateboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground. Hypothesis is he is getting dizzy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground. Hypothesis is he is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground. Hypothesis is he can carry the tunnel home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture. Hypothesis is enjoy the town on foot or by bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture. Hypothesis is local robbers escape after stealing an otter The label is contradiction.
Premise is cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture. Hypothesis is bike rental as low as 9.99 an hour. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car. Hypothesis is the man and the boy are buying shoes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car. Hypothesis is the little boy and the man sit behind the car's steering wheel. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a boy behind the wheel of a car. Hypothesis is the man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars. The label is neutral.
Premise is three asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them. Hypothesis is three men are holding hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is three asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them. Hypothesis is three men are performing a ritual. The label is neutral.
Premise is three asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them. Hypothesis is three men are fighting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute Hypothesis is the flautist plays a lullaby. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute Hypothesis is the country road has a walker wearing green. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute Hypothesis is a gil runs down the road with her cat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited. Hypothesis is they are about to plan a score. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited. Hypothesis is they are huddled together because they are working together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited. Hypothesis is the group of athletes all can breathe underwater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot. Hypothesis is the runner is posing for a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot. Hypothesis is the runner just got first place. The label is neutral.
Premise is a runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot. Hypothesis is the runner has no friends. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope. Hypothesis is a nurse taking the temperature of a woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope. Hypothesis is a woman in the doctors office. The label is entailment.
Premise is a nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope. Hypothesis is a woman getting her annual check up. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset. Hypothesis is the surface of the earth is visible. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset. Hypothesis is the sun is at its highest point of the day. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset. Hypothesis is the faces of the people are visible The label is neutral.
Premise is two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice. Hypothesis is the female ice skaters are competing in a tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice. Hypothesis is two female synchronized swimmers are in the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice. Hypothesis is two females holding each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white man taking a photo in front of water. Hypothesis is a man is taking a wedding photo in front of a pond. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white man taking a photo in front of water. Hypothesis is a man is using the restroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white man taking a photo in front of water. Hypothesis is a man is in front of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch. Hypothesis is there is one man in this picture, and he is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch. Hypothesis is the man is cleaning up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch. Hypothesis is the man is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a huge maple tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud. Hypothesis is the sky is blue with a single puffy cloud. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud. Hypothesis is the man is sitting down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud. Hypothesis is the man is doing a trick on his skis. The label is neutral.
Premise is picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background. Hypothesis is people are making music together. The label is entailment.
Premise is picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background. Hypothesis is a man is playing the trumpet on the street corner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background. Hypothesis is a band is auditioning for the owners of a nightclub. The label is neutral.
Premise is adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side. Hypothesis is some children are looking The label is entailment.
Premise is adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side. Hypothesis is some children are looking while some ladies stand The label is entailment.
Premise is adults and children share in the looking at something, and some young ladies stand to the side. Hypothesis is some children are sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water. Hypothesis is the water sprays on the boy. The label is neutral.
Premise is very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water. Hypothesis is the young boy is standing inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water. Hypothesis is the boy is standing near a water fountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is the white dog runs across the snow. Hypothesis is the dog was indoors by the fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the white dog runs across the snow. Hypothesis is the dog is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is the white dog runs across the snow. Hypothesis is the dog was a husky. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels Hypothesis is nobody is dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels Hypothesis is dancing is going on a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels Hypothesis is dancing is going on in a big room. The label is neutral.
Premise is two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch. Hypothesis is two cars are parked in a garage not moving. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch. Hypothesis is the red and blue cars are racing for the finish line. The label is entailment.
Premise is two cars, one red and one blue, race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch. Hypothesis is two cars are racing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in military uniform points as three other men watch. Hypothesis is the man is training some guys The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in military uniform points as three other men watch. Hypothesis is the man is at the supermarket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in military uniform points as three other men watch. Hypothesis is the man is wearing green The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american parkinsons disease association. Hypothesis is superman single handedly cures the disease The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american parkinsons disease association. Hypothesis is a group shows up to an event to support research on parkinsons The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american parkinsons disease association. Hypothesis is they show up to donate and support for the fight against the disease The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road. Hypothesis is the person is riding there bike to lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road. Hypothesis is there is a person with a green backpack. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road. Hypothesis is the person is walking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street. Hypothesis is a woman talking to a stranger. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street. Hypothesis is a woman talking to someone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street. Hypothesis is a woman dancing in the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash. Hypothesis is some people are outside kneeling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash. Hypothesis is a group of people holding cats take a picture. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash. Hypothesis is a group of people are part of a dog lover's group. The label is neutral.
Premise is man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack. Hypothesis is a woman cuts herself. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack. Hypothesis is a man races on a four wheeler in a charity event. The label is neutral.
Premise is man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack. Hypothesis is a man racing on a dirt track. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it. Hypothesis is a blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it. Hypothesis is a woman is helping her friend take a picture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench. Hypothesis is a child is playing in the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench. Hypothesis is a girl is inside playing a board game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with other children. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds with his sister. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with a ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds with his sister. Hypothesis is a boy is playing a nintendo ds with his sister who he loves. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with the simpsons character, ralph wiggum, plays a nintendo ds with his sister. Hypothesis is a boy is playing a nintendo ds with his sister. The label is entailment.
Premise is the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him. Hypothesis is a player in white readies to hit with his baseball bat, while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him. Hypothesis is two people are playing ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him. Hypothesis is the player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are playing during a basketball game. Hypothesis is two men are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are playing during a basketball game. Hypothesis is two men are fighting each other to the death. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are playing during a basketball game. Hypothesis is two men are playing during a college basketball game. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little white dogs running. Hypothesis is a few dogs are running to their owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little white dogs running. Hypothesis is a dog is sitting in a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little white dogs running. Hypothesis is two dogs are moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is women enjoying a game of table tennis. Hypothesis is women are playing ping pong. The label is entailment.
Premise is women enjoying a game of table tennis. Hypothesis is one woman really sucks at playing ping pong. The label is neutral.
Premise is women enjoying a game of table tennis. Hypothesis is women are reading books. The label is contradiction.
Premise is railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime Hypothesis is people on their last day of work The label is neutral.
Premise is railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime Hypothesis is there are people outside at night The label is entailment.
Premise is railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime Hypothesis is workers are blinded by the sun The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market. Hypothesis is this woman is on a shopping trip. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market. Hypothesis is a young girl is blowing bubbles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it. Hypothesis is the sun was shining during the soccer match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it. Hypothesis is the soccer game is being played at night. The label is entailment.
Premise is soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it. Hypothesis is the opposing team is winning the evening soccer match. The label is neutral.
Premise is a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes. Hypothesis is a man by a full shopping cart. The label is entailment.
Premise is a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes. Hypothesis is a clean shaven man with an empty blue shopping cart. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes. Hypothesis is a homeless man with a shopping cart. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. Hypothesis is a sad woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. Hypothesis is a man wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. Hypothesis is a person wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is people standing with their bicycles. Hypothesis is the people are taking a break from riding their bikes. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing with their bicycles. Hypothesis is people are sitting on their unicycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people standing with their bicycles. Hypothesis is the bicycles are besides the people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event. Hypothesis is two men standing together are dressed up. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event. Hypothesis is the two men are at a wedding. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event. Hypothesis is the two men are wearing surfer shorts and tank tops. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man draws a caricature of a woman. Hypothesis is a man painting a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man draws a caricature of a woman. Hypothesis is a man drawing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man draws a caricature of a woman. Hypothesis is a man drawing a caricature of his wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is many roller derby players skating around the rink. Hypothesis is roller derby players laying down after the match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is many roller derby players skating around the rink. Hypothesis is roller derby players skating around the rink at practice. The label is neutral.
Premise is many roller derby players skating around the rink. Hypothesis is roller derby players skating around the rink. The label is entailment.
Premise is people, mainly women and 2 referees, are skating fiercely during a roller derby match. Hypothesis is fierce competition in the roller derby women's final match ensues. The label is neutral.
Premise is people, mainly women and 2 referees, are skating fiercely during a roller derby match. Hypothesis is there is a roller derby match involving women. The label is entailment.
Premise is the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents. Hypothesis is a rollerskater behind the pack. The label is neutral.
Premise is the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents. Hypothesis is a rollerskater pulling away from the pack. The label is entailment.
Premise is the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents. Hypothesis is a skater ahead of the competition in a race. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone. Hypothesis is the man is eating chocolate ice cream. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone. Hypothesis is the man is eating sushi in his bathtub. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis. Hypothesis is there is an older man teaching his grandson how to play golf. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis. Hypothesis is there are people of differing ages outside playing golf. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis. Hypothesis is there are two men boxing at a crowded gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers are removing ice from a walkway. Hypothesis is workers having a coffee break The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers are removing ice from a walkway. Hypothesis is workers removing ice from a walkway in front of a school The label is neutral.
Premise is workers are removing ice from a walkway. Hypothesis is workers outside on a slippery walkway The label is entailment.
Premise is two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields. Hypothesis is some asian women are walking in the field of rice. The label is neutral.
Premise is two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields. Hypothesis is the old asian women are chasing each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields. Hypothesis is two asian women are wearing hats. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men spar in martial arts gear. Hypothesis is there is only one person present. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men spar in martial arts gear. Hypothesis is they are wearing all black gear. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men spar in martial arts gear. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is people standing at a beach with cameras. Hypothesis is people standing at a beach being filmed by cameras. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing at a beach with cameras. Hypothesis is a group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing at a beach with cameras. Hypothesis is people sitting on top of a deck near a beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman setup a camera. Hypothesis is a man and woman prepare to record a scene The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman setup a camera. Hypothesis is a man and woman working on a washing machine The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman setup a camera. Hypothesis is two people setup a device The label is entailment.
Premise is two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass. Hypothesis is two children are looking at a city street through binoculars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass. Hypothesis is two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass. Hypothesis is two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is two individuals use a photo kiosk Hypothesis is there are two individuals The label is entailment.
Premise is two individuals use a photo kiosk Hypothesis is the people are together The label is neutral.
Premise is two individuals use a photo kiosk Hypothesis is the people are on a bike The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair. Hypothesis is a young child is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair. Hypothesis is there is one child in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair. Hypothesis is a young child is swinging on a swing set at his local city park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter. Hypothesis is the woman who is shown lives in the south. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter. Hypothesis is everybody visible is dressed extremely formally. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of bud light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter. Hypothesis is something alcoholic is visible. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant. Hypothesis is a man stands by some boxes near a dumpster. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant. Hypothesis is a man stands near a load of boxes on fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant. Hypothesis is a man stands by boxes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street. Hypothesis is the man is wearing nothing but a t shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street. Hypothesis is the man just went shopping at the grocery store. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a jacket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling. Hypothesis is a group of protestors engages with a woman inside an auditorium. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling. Hypothesis is a woman yells while a groups of people gathers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling. Hypothesis is a protest is assembling. The label is neutral.
Premise is lot of people are gathered in front of a building. Hypothesis is people stand outside of the building, awaiting the all clear after a fire drill. The label is neutral.
Premise is lot of people are gathered in front of a building. Hypothesis is people gather in front of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is lot of people are gathered in front of a building. Hypothesis is people walk back inside the building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. Hypothesis is a health worker is evaluating a girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. Hypothesis is a health worker is evaluating the health of a young boy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an medical worker examines a young girl. Hypothesis is a health worker is evaluating a girl on her sickness. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle. Hypothesis is someone pours water into a bottle The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle. Hypothesis is a girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle. Hypothesis is a girl pours water into the ocean The label is contradiction.
Premise is men are playing rugby while covered in mud. Hypothesis is there is mud on the rugby players. The label is entailment.
Premise is men are playing rugby while covered in mud. Hypothesis is the men are perfectly free of mud. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men are playing rugby while covered in mud. Hypothesis is it rained recently. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe. Hypothesis is a woman holds an axe. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe. Hypothesis is a man holds a sword. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe. Hypothesis is a woman holds a metal axe. The label is neutral.
Premise is a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home. Hypothesis is the man is fixing a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home. Hypothesis is the roofer is outside working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home. Hypothesis is the roofer is putting on shingles. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor. Hypothesis is a man sits on the floor The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor. Hypothesis is a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a  wood floor The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor. Hypothesis is a man jumps high The label is entailment.
Premise is man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open. Hypothesis is a man is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open. Hypothesis is a man is walking down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open. Hypothesis is a man is performing in front of a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market Hypothesis is women selling fruits The label is entailment.
Premise is asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market Hypothesis is black women on the  beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is asian women selling fruits from baskets at an outdoor market Hypothesis is asian women at a market The label is entailment.
Premise is women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market. Hypothesis is it is raining outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market. Hypothesis is the fresh food market is closed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market. Hypothesis is the umbrellas are open. The label is entailment.
Premise is construction worker looking over the job site. Hypothesis is construction worker at work The label is entailment.
Premise is construction worker looking over the job site. Hypothesis is this worker is in charge of everyone The label is neutral.
Premise is construction worker looking over the job site. Hypothesis is the worker is building a base on mars The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot. Hypothesis is the basketball player on the white team makes the basket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot. Hypothesis is a basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot. Hypothesis is three men are playing cards at starbucks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance. Hypothesis is two people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance. Hypothesis is the diver is swimming up to the water surface. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance. Hypothesis is two people are out looking for a good camping spot. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star. Hypothesis is the woman reading book in the hall The label is neutral.
Premise is woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star. Hypothesis is the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling The label is entailment.
Premise is woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star. Hypothesis is the woman holding book with smiling in the home The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her. Hypothesis is the woman is frowning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her. Hypothesis is the young girl is wearing a red shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her. Hypothesis is the girl is smiling because she is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog. Hypothesis is they are girls there too The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog. Hypothesis is the child was happy` The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog. Hypothesis is two girls were ther The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller. Hypothesis is a man is painting a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller. Hypothesis is a man is scrubbing graffiti off the wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller. Hypothesis is a shirtless man paints a wall red. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass. Hypothesis is the man is riding on the sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass. Hypothesis is the man is riding fast down a trail. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass. Hypothesis is he is heading to the cabin down the trail. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose. Hypothesis is two men bellydance The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose. Hypothesis is someone dances while a man holds a paddle The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose. Hypothesis is a guy paddles for his wife The label is neutral.
Premise is asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing. Hypothesis is asians spot what they think is a ufo and take pictures. The label is neutral.
Premise is asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing. Hypothesis is asians play soccer in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing. Hypothesis is asians take pictures. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate. Hypothesis is a group of friends watches a movie inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate. Hypothesis is a group stands on the street in front of a brick wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate. Hypothesis is a group of friends poses for a picture in front of a brick wall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road. Hypothesis is the person is stealing display boards. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road. Hypothesis is a man is buying a lottery ticket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road. Hypothesis is the man is pushing a cart down the road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch. Hypothesis is a nascar is being watched. The label is neutral.
Premise is a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch. Hypothesis is a racecar is being watched. The label is entailment.
Premise is a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch. Hypothesis is there are no cars at the racetrack today. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman running in the street. Hypothesis is the man and woman are running in a marathon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman running in the street. Hypothesis is the man and woman are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman running in the street. Hypothesis is the man and woman are walking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books. Hypothesis is nobody is reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books. Hypothesis is the woman is in a library. The label is neutral.
Premise is a scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation. Hypothesis is a woman is reading. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation. Hypothesis is a scientist studies a slide that is related to her invention. The label is entailment.
Premise is a scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation. Hypothesis is a woman standing near a microscope. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season. Hypothesis is the town is totally dark. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season. Hypothesis is there are lights in the town. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season. Hypothesis is the town has snow on the ground. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town. Hypothesis is the pants are long. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town. Hypothesis is the pants are new. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town. Hypothesis is the town is well-populated. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook. Hypothesis is a person at the movies The label is contradiction.
Premise is a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook. Hypothesis is a student studying for a big exam The label is neutral.
Premise is a student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook. Hypothesis is a person with a book The label is entailment.
Premise is a mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky. Hypothesis is someone has taken a photo. The label is entailment.
Premise is a mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky. Hypothesis is there is a photo of mt everest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky. Hypothesis is the photo was taken on a cloudy night. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits. Hypothesis is young boy has many toy trucks The label is neutral.
Premise is young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits. Hypothesis is young boy sits inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits. Hypothesis is young boy plays outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side. Hypothesis is the man is wearing the costume. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side. Hypothesis is the costume is green. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side. Hypothesis is the costume is promoting the man's work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back. Hypothesis is the person is moving her hand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back. Hypothesis is the person is alone in the middle of the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back. Hypothesis is the person is marching in a parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill. Hypothesis is men on bikes go over a sand hill to get to the finish line. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill. Hypothesis is men walk their bikes after getting flat tires. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill. Hypothesis is men on bikes go over a sand hill. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head. Hypothesis is a couple enjoying some alone time. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head. Hypothesis is a couple are having a photoshoot. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head. Hypothesis is a couple are having their wedding picture taken. The label is neutral.
Premise is four men are posing behind a cash register. Hypothesis is the men all know each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is four men are posing behind a cash register. Hypothesis is two men are posing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men are posing behind a cash register. Hypothesis is four men are posing. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her Hypothesis is an asian woman is dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her Hypothesis is an asian woman is dancing sexily. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her Hypothesis is an asian man is dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog is playing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog returns a toy to its owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth. Hypothesis is a white dog stole a toy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse. Hypothesis is a boy is pretending to be a cowboy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse. Hypothesis is a boy rides a horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse. Hypothesis is a boy is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show. Hypothesis is a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show. Hypothesis is a man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats. Hypothesis is a man is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on a dock. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats. Hypothesis is a man with brown hair is standing on a dock. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm. Hypothesis is a man is raising his arm to get someones attention. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm. Hypothesis is the man has a two boomboxes on his shoulders. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm. Hypothesis is a man is raising his arm. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance. Hypothesis is a man rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance. Hypothesis is a motorcycle and a van ride next to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance. Hypothesis is a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance. The label is neutral.
Premise is a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it. Hypothesis is the burning blue building will turn to dust after an hour. The label is neutral.
Premise is a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it. Hypothesis is the burning blue building smells of smoke The label is entailment.
Premise is a red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it. Hypothesis is the red truck is a fire truck. The label is neutral.
Premise is two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display. Hypothesis is two belly dancers perform The label is entailment.
Premise is two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display. Hypothesis is two dancers are making money The label is neutral.
Premise is two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display. Hypothesis is two men are walking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean. Hypothesis is a woman is a good surfer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean. Hypothesis is a woman is surfing in her pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman looks at a plate filled with steam. Hypothesis is the woman is out shopping at the mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman looks at a plate filled with steam. Hypothesis is the woman is cooking something exciting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman looks at a plate filled with steam. Hypothesis is the woman is in a kitchen. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children in african clothing. Hypothesis is a person in clothing The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children in african clothing. Hypothesis is some humans in green clothing The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children in african clothing. Hypothesis is nobody is here. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball Hypothesis is a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty. The label is neutral.
Premise is a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball Hypothesis is a football player gets ready to throw the ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball Hypothesis is a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow. Hypothesis is a man is walking on sunshine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow. Hypothesis is a man is digging the snow outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow. Hypothesis is a man is trying to get to something by digging. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football. Hypothesis is two people play flag football. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football. Hypothesis is two people play baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people, one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt, and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football. Hypothesis is two people on oposite teams play flag football. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football. Hypothesis is two people are playing flag football at the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football. Hypothesis is two people are playing flag football. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football. Hypothesis is two people are enjoying ice cream. The label is contradiction.
Premise is indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues. Hypothesis is it is morning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues. Hypothesis is the musicians are care free. The label is neutral.
Premise is indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues. Hypothesis is musicians are passionate about music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands. Hypothesis is the group is in a classroom. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands. Hypothesis is the group of people is outside playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands. Hypothesis is some people have questions. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are walking by a van. Hypothesis is some people outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are walking by a van. Hypothesis is people getting ready to enter a vehicle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are walking by a van. Hypothesis is some men driving down a road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata. Hypothesis is a child is about to hit the panda with a stick. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata. Hypothesis is a child is crying because he didn't get cake The label is contradiction.
Premise is female in a military uniform with her hair tied back. Hypothesis is the female is wearing a ponytail The label is entailment.
Premise is female in a military uniform with her hair tied back. Hypothesis is the man has long hair The label is contradiction.
Premise is female in a military uniform with her hair tied back. Hypothesis is the female is wearing her hair up The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses. Hypothesis is a man sips whisky The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses. Hypothesis is two women sit in a cafe The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses. Hypothesis is a guy with a hat sits with a glass The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a striped shirt holds an infant. Hypothesis is a woman holds her baby. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a striped shirt holds an infant. Hypothesis is a person is watching tv. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a striped shirt holds an infant. Hypothesis is a woman is dressed. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument Hypothesis is a dog is playing drums. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument Hypothesis is a man and woman collect money for playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument Hypothesis is a man and woman make music. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young musicians play from a stage. Hypothesis is the stage is empty The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young musicians play from a stage. Hypothesis is the two musicians are playing the trumpet The label is neutral.
Premise is two young musicians play from a stage. Hypothesis is two people on a stage The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background. Hypothesis is there are people outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background. Hypothesis is the people are on a family picnic. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background. Hypothesis is the people are swimming in the lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle Hypothesis is there is a girl holding a beer bottle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle Hypothesis is a girl with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle Hypothesis is the girl has just got down drinking the whole bottle. The label is neutral.
Premise is mother and daughter are meeting for the first time. Hypothesis is the mother and daughter are meeting. The label is entailment.
Premise is mother and daughter are meeting for the first time. Hypothesis is the mother and daughter are meeting over lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is mother and daughter are meeting for the first time. Hypothesis is the mother and daughter are fighitn. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a team of surgeons operate on a female patient. Hypothesis is the surgeons are operating on a male patient. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a team of surgeons operate on a female patient. Hypothesis is the woman has cancer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a team of surgeons operate on a female patient. Hypothesis is the surgeons are operating. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road. Hypothesis is kids share a drink. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road. Hypothesis is a boy denies his sister a drink. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister's request for water on the road. Hypothesis is kids don't share water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside. Hypothesis is there's a lady with ginger hair The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside. Hypothesis is the lady is jumping up and down The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside. Hypothesis is a lady is sitting at a table outside The label is neutral.
Premise is several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party. Hypothesis is people are mourning at a funeral. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party. Hypothesis is people are celebrating with music and costumes. The label is entailment.
Premise is several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party. Hypothesis is the people are celebrating new years eve. The label is neutral.
Premise is three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance. Hypothesis is a small group of men clad in summery clothing are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance. Hypothesis is three young people are putting on suntan location while standing on the beach together. The label is neutral.
Premise is three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance. Hypothesis is three guys are sitting at a picnic table the beach while admiring the sunny day. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. Hypothesis is couple go out for their first surfing session as a couple. The label is neutral.
Premise is man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. Hypothesis is couples rowing on surfboards. The label is entailment.
Premise is man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance. Hypothesis is couple going fishing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool. Hypothesis is the child slides into the pool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool. Hypothesis is the kid is playing at the waterpark. The label is neutral.
Premise is a kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool. Hypothesis is the kid is riding a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars. Hypothesis is the girl sold some cookies. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars. Hypothesis is an old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars. Hypothesis is a man is on his bike with a laundry hamper. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen. Hypothesis is an old woman is in a kitchen. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen. Hypothesis is an old woman is baking. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen. Hypothesis is an old woman is frying chicken. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree. Hypothesis is there is a boy in a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree. Hypothesis is there is a girl outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree. Hypothesis is the girl is playing hide and seek. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it. Hypothesis is a man sits near a table with his drinks The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it. Hypothesis is a woman sits on a table The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it. Hypothesis is a man sits outside by a table The label is entailment.
Premise is a team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools. Hypothesis is a grounds crew maintain a park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a team of men, three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys, re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools. Hypothesis is a baseball player slides into home plate. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game. Hypothesis is men are playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game. Hypothesis is kids are playing soccer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game. Hypothesis is some children are playing soccer by a school. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum. Hypothesis is two kiled men hold bagpipes The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum. Hypothesis is two men are friends The label is neutral.
Premise is there are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum. Hypothesis is two woman are dancing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a high school band getting ready to perform. Hypothesis is a high school band eating spaghetti on pluto. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a high school band getting ready to perform. Hypothesis is a high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a high school band getting ready to perform. Hypothesis is a high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance. The label is entailment.
Premise is a thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape. Hypothesis is a woman is on a rooftop. The label is entailment.
Premise is a thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape. Hypothesis is a woman is enjoying the outside weather The label is neutral.
Premise is a thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape. Hypothesis is a fat blonde is eating a hot dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is children at daycare playing on rings, and poles, one parent standing and holding her child and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play. Hypothesis is children are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is children at daycare playing on rings, and poles, one parent standing and holding her child and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play. Hypothesis is children are body slamming each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain Hypothesis is a man is standing by himself, playing guitar on the sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain Hypothesis is the people are waiting for their performance to start. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain Hypothesis is people are standing on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting. Hypothesis is the audience watches as the actors in the dim haze, ready their lines for the first scene. The label is neutral.
Premise is five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting. Hypothesis is at a rock concert, the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist. The label is neutral.
Premise is five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting. Hypothesis is in a dim room, several actors who can barely see each other, are getting ready to act. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball. Hypothesis is a man plays tennis. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball. Hypothesis is chewie does the limbo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball. Hypothesis is someone takes a swing at a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow. Hypothesis is a man is trekking through the snow with ski poles. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow. Hypothesis is a camper with ski poles walks towards his campground. The label is neutral.
Premise is a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal. Hypothesis is a hockey goalie earns his keep The label is neutral.
Premise is a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal. Hypothesis is a soccer player guards the goal The label is contradiction.
Premise is a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal. Hypothesis is a person playing a sport The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street. Hypothesis is a woman sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants is looking at her neighbors below her window. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass. The label is entailment.
Premise is people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is nobody is looking The label is contradiction.
Premise is people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is tall humans looking. The label is neutral.
Premise is people looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is some humans looking The label is entailment.
Premise is it is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag. Hypothesis is a man holds a big flag. The label is neutral.
Premise is it is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag. Hypothesis is a man holds a flag. The label is entailment.
Premise is it is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag. Hypothesis is a man hugs his mother and leaves for war. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill. Hypothesis is two dirt bike riders are outside The label is neutral.
Premise is two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill. Hypothesis is two guys are driving buses The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill. Hypothesis is two dirt bike riders are practicing new tricks The label is neutral.
Premise is a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain. Hypothesis is a snowbaorder performs a trick jump. The label is entailment.
Premise is a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain. Hypothesis is a downhill skier competes in a race. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain. Hypothesis is a snowboarder lands a trick during a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two friends eat pizza at a diner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two women with cotton candy smile. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are riding at once on one single bicycle. Hypothesis is two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are riding at once on one single bicycle. Hypothesis is two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are riding at once on one single bicycle. Hypothesis is two people playing chess at a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road. Hypothesis is a man is making a cross country trip on his motorcycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road. Hypothesis is a man is walking on the sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road. Hypothesis is a man is riding a motorcyle. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people play horseshoes. Hypothesis is sally was riding her horse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people play horseshoes. Hypothesis is tom and sue were playing horseshoes. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people play horseshoes. Hypothesis is tom and sue were playing outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is the people await to cross the street while walking the dog. Hypothesis is people are at a busy intersection The label is neutral.
Premise is the people await to cross the street while walking the dog. Hypothesis is people are with a dog The label is entailment.
Premise is the people await to cross the street while walking the dog. Hypothesis is people are at home watching tv The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track. Hypothesis is the camera is being thrown by the girl The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track. Hypothesis is a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track. Hypothesis is a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants The label is entailment.
Premise is a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment. Hypothesis is two men are composing together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment. Hypothesis is two men are near audio equipment. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment. Hypothesis is two men play chess together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street. Hypothesis is there are bubbles around the statue. The label is entailment.
Premise is bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street. Hypothesis is the statue was standing in the garage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street. Hypothesis is a statue is in the middle of the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california. Hypothesis is tall people standing The label is neutral.
Premise is two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california. Hypothesis is everybody is sitting The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california. Hypothesis is some people standing The label is entailment.
Premise is one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building. Hypothesis is one person kneels before zod in the oval office. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building. Hypothesis is one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke. The label is neutral.
Premise is one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building. Hypothesis is one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket.. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them. Hypothesis is they have a work meeting The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them. Hypothesis is two people drive a boat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them. Hypothesis is people sit around a table The label is entailment.
Premise is a man visiting a friend in the hospital. Hypothesis is a man and a patient in a hospital room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man visiting a friend in the hospital. Hypothesis is a man in a hospital receives a visiting friend. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man visiting a friend in the hospital. Hypothesis is a man sits on a hospital roof. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike. Hypothesis is the man wearing stars and stripes on a bike is in a parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike. Hypothesis is an old man rides a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike. Hypothesis is the man is dancing under the stars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background. Hypothesis is a guy rides past the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background. Hypothesis is a guy rides his bike in the middle of a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background. Hypothesis is a guy misses the park and passes by it. The label is neutral.
Premise is four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments. Hypothesis is the four men sitting in front of the two windows belong to a band. The label is neutral.
Premise is four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments. Hypothesis is the four men are in front of windows. The label is entailment.
Premise is four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments. Hypothesis is the four men are playing hockey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick. Hypothesis is a man takes his daughter out for ice cream. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick. Hypothesis is there is a person outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick. Hypothesis is an adventurous man navigates through the jungle, searching for a rare babboon. The label is neutral.
Premise is children are playing outside in a fountain. Hypothesis is some children throw stones into a fountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is children are playing outside in a fountain. Hypothesis is some children sit and read in a library. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children are playing outside in a fountain. Hypothesis is some children a outside playing near the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is stick figures in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is a picture of the ocean The label is contradiction.
Premise is stick figures in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is a drawing of a street The label is contradiction.
Premise is stick figures in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is a painting of a stick figure The label is neutral.
Premise is cook handling hot tray with food on it. Hypothesis is cook prepares food The label is entailment.
Premise is cook handling hot tray with food on it. Hypothesis is man preparing meal for wife The label is neutral.
Premise is cook handling hot tray with food on it. Hypothesis is girl eats cotton candy The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy rides his skateboard at the park. Hypothesis is a girl rides his skateboard at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy rides his skateboard at the park. Hypothesis is a child rides his skateboard at the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy rides his skateboard at the park. Hypothesis is a sad boy rides his skateboard at the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window. Hypothesis is there is snow outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window. Hypothesis is they are wearing swimsuits. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window. Hypothesis is there are a few girls present. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is running in the waves at the beach. Hypothesis is an animal is running outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is running in the waves at the beach. Hypothesis is the dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog is running in the waves at the beach. Hypothesis is the pet is laying on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance. Hypothesis is the middle-aged woman is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance. Hypothesis is the middle-aged woman is heading home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance. Hypothesis is the middle aged woman is at home knitting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little girls reading a book at the library. Hypothesis is the girls are in a library. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little girls reading a book at the library. Hypothesis is the girls are at the swimming pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little girls reading a book at the library. Hypothesis is the girls are sisters. The label is neutral.
Premise is a kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside. Hypothesis is his face is painted to look like a tiger. The label is neutral.
Premise is a kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside. Hypothesis is the kid is laying in a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside. Hypothesis is a kid has a painted face. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd Hypothesis is a man in black takes a picture of a fountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd Hypothesis is a bird steals a bag of chips from a store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd Hypothesis is a photographer dressed in black takes a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing. Hypothesis is the woman is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing. Hypothesis is the woman is eating dinner at a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing. Hypothesis is the woman posing is a famous model. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows. Hypothesis is a girl is making scrambled eggs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows. Hypothesis is a brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is painting the two windows she sees. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a picture of two windows. Hypothesis is a woman is painting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet. Hypothesis is a human wearing glasses The label is entailment.
Premise is a bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet. Hypothesis is a tall human wearing glasses The label is neutral.
Premise is a bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet. Hypothesis is nobody has sunglasses The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing. Hypothesis is a cyclist dressed in black and white points towards the sky. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing. Hypothesis is a cyclist dressed in black and white points. The label is entailment.
Premise is a cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing. Hypothesis is a cyclist dressed in black and white eats cheese. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine. Hypothesis is a young man is at the bowling alley. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine. Hypothesis is a young man is bowling. The label is neutral.
Premise is a local street in an arabic country where there is a market selling coca-cola. Hypothesis is a crowded street where people are buying soft drinks and other items. The label is neutral.
Premise is a local street in an arabic country where there is a market selling coca-cola. Hypothesis is a snowy mountain in the rockies. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a local street in an arabic country where there is a market selling coca-cola. Hypothesis is a market is selling soft drinks in an arabic country. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of women playing volleyball indoors. Hypothesis is people are inside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of women playing volleyball indoors. Hypothesis is people are outside tossing a ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of women playing volleyball indoors. Hypothesis is awoman serves the volleyball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera. Hypothesis is a man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a striped wrap is looking at the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background. Hypothesis is two roller derby competitors skate quickly ahead of teammates. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background. Hypothesis is two roller derby competitors are near their teammates and a referee. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background. Hypothesis is two people sleep in a hotel room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls playing basketball. Hypothesis is the girl threw the basketball. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls playing basketball. Hypothesis is girls are playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls playing basketball. Hypothesis is the men are playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch. Hypothesis is world series game 3 is being played The label is neutral.
Premise is a professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch. Hypothesis is there are people outdoors The label is neutral.
Premise is a professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch. Hypothesis is there are a group of people hiking mt fiji. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a band is playing a cover song. The label is neutral.
Premise is a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a band is playing a concert. The label is entailment.
Premise is a band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people. Hypothesis is the band is backstage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is installing a roof. Hypothesis is a man is on top of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is installing a roof. Hypothesis is a man is putting a roof on a beach house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is installing a roof. Hypothesis is a man is on his couch watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background. Hypothesis is children are swimming in cold water. The label is neutral.
Premise is children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background. Hypothesis is children are swimming. The label is entailment.
Premise is children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background. Hypothesis is old people are swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth. Hypothesis is a man is riding on top of a camel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth. Hypothesis is a guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth. Hypothesis is the street performer takes a break. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street. Hypothesis is the man and woman are going to a movie in the city. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street. Hypothesis is a woman dances with a man in a busy club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street. Hypothesis is a man and woman walk down a city street. The label is entailment.
Premise is women in blue dress singing on stage. Hypothesis is a woman is singing for the first time. The label is neutral.
Premise is women in blue dress singing on stage. Hypothesis is a woman is singing on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is women in blue dress singing on stage. Hypothesis is a man is singing on stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits at a table in a room. Hypothesis is a man sits and waits for someone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sits at a table in a room. Hypothesis is a woman sits. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits at a table in a room. Hypothesis is a man sits. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete. Hypothesis is the man breaks his skateboard The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete. Hypothesis is a man has a skateboard The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete. Hypothesis is the man has a colorful skateboard The label is neutral.
Premise is a mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car. Hypothesis is the car took a pit stop with just a few laps to go. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car. Hypothesis is the motorcycle pulled over because it was out of fuel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin. Hypothesis is a cow chews grass The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin. Hypothesis is a wife and husband perform The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin. Hypothesis is a man plays guitar The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him. Hypothesis is there is a dog in the foreground The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him. Hypothesis is a man is taking pictures The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him. Hypothesis is there are people in a house taking pictures The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy on a bicycle in midair Hypothesis is a boy is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy on a bicycle in midair Hypothesis is a boy is sailing on a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy on a bicycle in midair Hypothesis is a boy is falling off his bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young people performing on a stage. Hypothesis is a group of people are watching an empty stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young people performing on a stage. Hypothesis is a group of people are on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young people performing on a stage. Hypothesis is a group of people are singing and dancing on stage for people. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel Hypothesis is a brown dog dancing out of a orange and yellow tunnel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel Hypothesis is a stray dog walking out of the subway tunnel. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel Hypothesis is a brown dog walking out of a tunnel. The label is entailment.
Premise is three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet. Hypothesis is they are about to go upstairs. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet. Hypothesis is they are going up the stairs. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet. Hypothesis is five people are standing by a staircase. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is in the middle of a pole vault Hypothesis is the man is concentrating. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man is in the middle of a pole vault Hypothesis is the man is walking in the zoo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is in the middle of a pole vault Hypothesis is the man is pole vaulting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is on the beach near a ball. Hypothesis is a cat is playing at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog is on the beach near a ball. Hypothesis is a dog is on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is on the beach near a ball. Hypothesis is a dog is playing ball with his owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats. Hypothesis is a man in a black t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats. Hypothesis is people in blue hard hats watch as a man in a white shirt and shorts rock climb. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats. Hypothesis is a man in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants. Hypothesis is a man watering a bonsai tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants. Hypothesis is a man watering plants. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants. Hypothesis is a man watering his neighbors plants. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children. Hypothesis is a boy is attending a club meeting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children. Hypothesis is a guy is cheering near some children. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children. Hypothesis is a lawyer is encouraging some children at a contest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl reaches up to kiss a cat, which is sitting on the counter. Hypothesis is a girl is petting her dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl reaches up to kiss a cat, which is sitting on the counter. Hypothesis is a girl is showing affection towards a cat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing a piano Hypothesis is a boy is playing trombone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing a piano Hypothesis is a man is playing a black piano. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing a piano Hypothesis is the man's hands are on the keys of a piano. The label is entailment.
Premise is little girl posing for a picture. Hypothesis is the boy is posing for a picture. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little girl posing for a picture. Hypothesis is the child is posing for the photographer. The label is entailment.
Premise is little girl posing for a picture. Hypothesis is the child is getting her school pictures taken. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it. Hypothesis is a man plays a piano. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it. Hypothesis is a man plays the clarinet for his family. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it. Hypothesis is a man plays a piano for his family. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons. Hypothesis is the couple is celebrating an important event. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons. Hypothesis is the couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera. The label is contradiction.
Premise is fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage. Hypothesis is the man is studying quietly in the house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage. Hypothesis is the fireworks were shot into the sky. The label is entailment.
Premise is fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage. Hypothesis is the man is throwing a concert outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him. Hypothesis is a boy is dancing for his friends. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him. Hypothesis is a boy is wearing a jacket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him. Hypothesis is a boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with 'crusher' written on them in the middle of a body of water. Hypothesis is two men sit on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with 'crusher' written on them in the middle of a body of water. Hypothesis is the two men are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a tough workweek. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with 'crusher' written on them in the middle of a body of water. Hypothesis is two men sit on innertubes in the middle of a body of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway. Hypothesis is two men are being lazy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway. Hypothesis is two men are doing hard labor. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway. Hypothesis is the tiles are very colorful. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains. Hypothesis is the large audience is standing and cheering. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains. Hypothesis is the large audience is watching an award ceremony. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains. Hypothesis is a large audience is seated inside together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd. Hypothesis is a man rests on his friends after a championship fight. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd. Hypothesis is a man is running away from police. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd. Hypothesis is a man is touching other people in a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field. Hypothesis is a dog is running. The label is entailment.
Premise is dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field. Hypothesis is a dog is sitting on a table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field. Hypothesis is a dog is excited. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is two boys are talking in the middle of a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is an older brother is talking to his younger brother in the middle of the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country. Hypothesis is a man is waiting for a bus sitting on a bench. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country. Hypothesis is a man is waiting for a bus in iraq. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country. Hypothesis is a man is waiting for a bus on mars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof. Hypothesis is two men are in a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof. Hypothesis is two men are sitting on the grass next to a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof. Hypothesis is the men hope the container won't fly off the roof. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other. Hypothesis is a group of people are playing baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other. Hypothesis is a group of friends are visiting an art exhibit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other. Hypothesis is many people are having a conversation. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place. Hypothesis is a person with glasses The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place. Hypothesis is nobody has glasses on The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place. Hypothesis is a tall person with glasses The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows. Hypothesis is a group of friends sit at a table talking to each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows. Hypothesis is the people are walking down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows. Hypothesis is a group of friends heads down the street to a birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog jumping into the air. Hypothesis is a dog is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog jumping into the air. Hypothesis is there is an animal jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog jumping into the air. Hypothesis is a puppy leaps for a frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor. Hypothesis is the people are eating ice cream at dairy queen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor. Hypothesis is there are a lot of people looking for a certain book at the local barnes and noble. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor. Hypothesis is there are people looking at books. The label is entailment.
Premise is a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors. Hypothesis is two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july The label is neutral.
Premise is a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors. Hypothesis is two people ride a lawn mower outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in american colors. Hypothesis is two men cut grass by hand The label is contradiction.
Premise is shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut. Hypothesis is a man without a shirt is on the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut. Hypothesis is a man without a shirt is on a river. The label is neutral.
Premise is four african boys playing soccer. Hypothesis is some boys are in the play ground The label is contradiction.
Premise is four african boys playing soccer. Hypothesis is some kids are watching soccer The label is contradiction.
Premise is four african boys playing soccer. Hypothesis is some boys are running behind a ball The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water. Hypothesis is the couple is married. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water. Hypothesis is the couple is standing next to a cake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water. Hypothesis is the couple is sitting near water. The label is entailment.
Premise is the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off. Hypothesis is the players and referee are getting ready to start the match. The label is neutral.
Premise is the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off. Hypothesis is the referee and players are getting ready to face-off. The label is entailment.
Premise is the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off. Hypothesis is the dog is sliding across the ice at the hockey match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks. Hypothesis is a woman is running in a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks. Hypothesis is a woman is walking down a busy street in tokyo. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks. Hypothesis is a woman is walking down a busy street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks. Hypothesis is the man is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks. Hypothesis is the woman is white The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks. Hypothesis is a man in green shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with light blue ropes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with white ropes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles. Hypothesis is a girl drinks a soda on the street The label is entailment.
Premise is one girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles. Hypothesis is a girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people The label is neutral.
Premise is one girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles. Hypothesis is a girl drinks a soda while sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young ladies walking down the street together. Hypothesis is the two women bundle up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young ladies walking down the street together. Hypothesis is there are two woman in this picture, and they are both outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young ladies walking down the street together. Hypothesis is the two woman are sisters, and are on their way to their mutual friends house down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is the indian's are performing a sacred dance. Hypothesis is the indians are building sand castles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the indian's are performing a sacred dance. Hypothesis is the indians hope there sacred dance will bring rain. The label is neutral.
Premise is the indian's are performing a sacred dance. Hypothesis is the people are dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments. Hypothesis is the people are working at an office. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments. Hypothesis is the people are playing at a festival. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments. Hypothesis is the people are in costume and playing music. The label is entailment.
Premise is everyone is getting ready to play the game. Hypothesis is a group of people watch a movie. The label is contradiction.
Premise is everyone is getting ready to play the game. Hypothesis is people prepare to play games. The label is entailment.
Premise is everyone is getting ready to play the game. Hypothesis is people place their piece on a monopoly board. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube. Hypothesis is two girls on a tube. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube. Hypothesis is two girls wearing blue sit on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little girls, wearing pink hanging on a tube. Hypothesis is two girls playing on a tube. The label is entailment.
Premise is a family smiling on the couch. Hypothesis is people are on a couch The label is entailment.
Premise is a family smiling on the couch. Hypothesis is a family is playing out in their backyard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a family smiling on the couch. Hypothesis is a family is sitting on a couch watching tv. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit. Hypothesis is they are walking on top of trees. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit. Hypothesis is they pass eachother. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit. Hypothesis is they know each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall. Hypothesis is there is a man climbing as the boy holds the rope The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall. Hypothesis is there is a man holding a rop The label is entailment.
Premise is a man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall. Hypothesis is there is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand. Hypothesis is they are boyfriends. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand. Hypothesis is they are not looking in the same direction. The label is entailment.
Premise is two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand. Hypothesis is neither is holding anything. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river. Hypothesis is two girls at a camp. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river. Hypothesis is two girls sleeping on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river. Hypothesis is two girls on a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water. Hypothesis is two scuba divers are running a marathon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water. Hypothesis is two scuba divers are inspecting a submarine. The label is neutral.
Premise is two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water. Hypothesis is two scuba divers are underwater. The label is entailment.
Premise is nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup. Hypothesis is the nurses are discussing a patient. The label is neutral.
Premise is nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup. Hypothesis is the nurses are eating lunch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup. Hypothesis is the people work in the medical field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward. Hypothesis is a female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward. Hypothesis is a gymnast is in mid air. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward. Hypothesis is a female gymnast is competing at the olympics. The label is neutral.
Premise is people in motion down a city sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are walking to an event. The label is neutral.
Premise is people in motion down a city sidewalk. Hypothesis is people walk down a sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is people in motion down a city sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are flying down a sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair. Hypothesis is the two men are brothers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair. Hypothesis is there is only one person present. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man. Hypothesis is a man is crying at a co-worker's funeral. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man. Hypothesis is a man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man smiles while he shaves the head of another man. Hypothesis is a guy is cutting another man's hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is one man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down. Hypothesis is men are gazing. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down. Hypothesis is men are lamenting the fact that their team lost. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down. Hypothesis is women look different directions. The label is contradiction.
Premise is police are setting up a barricade due to a fire. Hypothesis is police are sitting at the station eating donuts and talking on the phone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is police are setting up a barricade due to a fire. Hypothesis is people in uniform are working near a fire. The label is neutral.
Premise is police are setting up a barricade due to a fire. Hypothesis is police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. Hypothesis is a dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. Hypothesis is a man waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background. Hypothesis is a person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them. Hypothesis is the children are playing together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them. Hypothesis is the children don't have any energy today. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them. Hypothesis is two little boys are pretending they are climbing a large mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room. Hypothesis is the black and white dogs are playing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room. Hypothesis is the dogs are fighting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room. Hypothesis is the fighting dogs are outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium. Hypothesis is the person is trying to be sneaky. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium. Hypothesis is the person is hard to see. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium. Hypothesis is the person is a vampire avoiding the sun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator. Hypothesis is a woman sits beside the escalator. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator. Hypothesis is a woman is walking to the escalator at a sporting event. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator. Hypothesis is a woman walks to an escalator. The label is entailment.
Premise is asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes. Hypothesis is a group of adults are waiting for an event. The label is neutral.
Premise is asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes. Hypothesis is asian women are sitting in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes. Hypothesis is asian people sitting next to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling man is holding up a gavel. Hypothesis is the man is holding an object. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling man is holding up a gavel. Hypothesis is the man is a judge. The label is neutral.
Premise is a smiling man is holding up a gavel. Hypothesis is the man is crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard. Hypothesis is a man is holding a dog standing in front of a chalkboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard. Hypothesis is a person is in a classroom teaching. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard. Hypothesis is a man is holding a book about fossils, standing in front of a chalkboard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone. Hypothesis is the woman is using her cellphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone. Hypothesis is the woman is playing a game on her cellphone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone. Hypothesis is the woman is walking her cat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is while one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation. Hypothesis is a man putts while his group talks to each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is while one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation. Hypothesis is three men talk while their fourth takes a shot. The label is entailment.
Premise is while one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation. Hypothesis is four guys go bowling at the lanes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other. Hypothesis is a group of gymnasts performing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other. Hypothesis is they are going fast. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other. Hypothesis is a group of cyclists racing. The label is entailment.
Premise is women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them. Hypothesis is people are gathered on a sunny day at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them. Hypothesis is people are gathered by the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them. Hypothesis is women and men sing indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a motorist gets some air over a rough hill. Hypothesis is a motorist is riding his bike in a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a motorist gets some air over a rough hill. Hypothesis is a motorist has stalled. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a motorist gets some air over a rough hill. Hypothesis is a motorist is riding his bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path. Hypothesis is the person is riding a motorcycle The label is entailment.
Premise is a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path. Hypothesis is the person is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path. Hypothesis is the motorcyclist is in the air The label is entailment.
Premise is many people who appear to be asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train. Hypothesis is the people are women The label is neutral.
Premise is many people who appear to be asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train. Hypothesis is some people standing The label is neutral.
Premise is many people who appear to be asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train. Hypothesis is the people are running through fire The label is contradiction.
Premise is the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole. Hypothesis is the child is athletic. The label is neutral.
Premise is the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole. Hypothesis is the child is upside down. The label is entailment.
Premise is the child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole. Hypothesis is there is an adult upside down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar. Hypothesis is there is a man in a green shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar. Hypothesis is there is a man that is good at music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar. Hypothesis is there is a man wearing a pink shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in polo shirts, reading the paper. Hypothesis is two men argue with each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in polo shirts, reading the paper. Hypothesis is two men reading the paper on their break. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in polo shirts, reading the paper. Hypothesis is two men read the paper. The label is entailment.
Premise is the 3 dogs are cruising down the street. Hypothesis is a family of cats resting The label is contradiction.
Premise is the 3 dogs are cruising down the street. Hypothesis is three dogs together The label is entailment.
Premise is the 3 dogs are cruising down the street. Hypothesis is a family of dogs cruises down the street The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy whiffs a ball with a bat. Hypothesis is the boy is swinging a bat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy whiffs a ball with a bat. Hypothesis is the boy is swinging a golf club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy whiffs a ball with a bat. Hypothesis is the boy is playing baseball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him. Hypothesis is the bat is aluminum The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him. Hypothesis is the man is sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him. Hypothesis is the man is swinging The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black ginobili jersey on it. Hypothesis is a man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black ginobili jersey on it. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a white sport jersey in his cubicle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black ginobili jersey on it. Hypothesis is a big sports fan is working inside his cubicle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask. Hypothesis is a clad in denim person works is working on a bridge outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask. Hypothesis is the man wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistling. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask. Hypothesis is the man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes. Hypothesis is the man is near food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes. Hypothesis is the man has black hair. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence. Hypothesis is someone is sawing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence. Hypothesis is somebody is wearing work gloves. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence. Hypothesis is nobody is working. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus. Hypothesis is people wait to get on a double decker bus at night. The label is entailment.
Premise is some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus. Hypothesis is friends wait to get on the bus at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus. Hypothesis is people wait to get on a boat at night. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus. Hypothesis is people are in line. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus. Hypothesis is people are surfing in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are waiting in line to board a double decker bus. Hypothesis is german tourists are waiting in line to board a bus. The label is neutral.
Premise is an eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby. Hypothesis is a rooster near a vendor hoping for food The label is neutral.
Premise is an eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby. Hypothesis is a rooster on the farm The label is contradiction.
Premise is an eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby. Hypothesis is a rooster near a vendor The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looking out of his window. Hypothesis is a man enjoys the sun coming through the window. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looking out of his window. Hypothesis is a man looks out his window. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looking out of his window. Hypothesis is a man takes a nap in the dark room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water. Hypothesis is the boy is not in a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water. Hypothesis is the boy is in swimming clothes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water. Hypothesis is the water in the pool is being splashed. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a boy is playing in the swimming pool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a boy is playing in his new swimming pool. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy is being splashed in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a boy is splashing others at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side. Hypothesis is a tall person is walking The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side. Hypothesis is a person is walking The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side. Hypothesis is everybody is sitting The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted. Hypothesis is the baby is smiling The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted. Hypothesis is the baby is crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted. Hypothesis is the baby is eating. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down. Hypothesis is an bike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down. Hypothesis is a professional bike rider performing tricks. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down. Hypothesis is cyclists competing in the tour de france. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen. Hypothesis is a science teacher demonstrates how to mix the liquid as his young student takes notes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen. Hypothesis is a man is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girl. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen. Hypothesis is two people are in the same area. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it. Hypothesis is a child plays with two brooms outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it. Hypothesis is a child plays outside next to a christmas tree The label is neutral.
Premise is a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it. Hypothesis is a child cuts down a christmas tree The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people sitting on the sand. Hypothesis is the people are standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people sitting on the sand. Hypothesis is there are two people sitting down. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people sitting on the sand. Hypothesis is there are two people at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room. Hypothesis is the man appears to be suspended in midair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a red shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room. Hypothesis is the man is cleaning his clothes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face. Hypothesis is a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face. Hypothesis is a woman in a shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face. Hypothesis is the woman is standing with her hand over her mouth. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in black and bright yellow stripes, look up on them. Hypothesis is six men are seated at the back of a city bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand in a lift as four others, all dressed in black and bright yellow stripes, look up on them. Hypothesis is six men dressed in black and yellow uniforms are standing in a gymnasium. The label is entailment.
Premise is two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song. Hypothesis is band members packing their things into a tour bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song. Hypothesis is band performing a song on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song. Hypothesis is the band members are playing in a dimly lit room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera. Hypothesis is the boy was listening The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera. Hypothesis is the child was 18 years old The label is contradiction.
Premise is in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp. Hypothesis is a man riding a bike and eating cotton candy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp. Hypothesis is a man in a swamp. The label is entailment.
Premise is in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp. Hypothesis is a man hunting crocodiles The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of soldiers march in a parade. Hypothesis is a group of people march in a parade. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of soldiers march in a parade. Hypothesis is a group of dogs march in a parade. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of soldiers march in a parade. Hypothesis is a group of sad soldiers march in a parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle. Hypothesis is a boy sits in front of stones. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle. Hypothesis is a boy lights a grill in order to make some hamburgers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle. Hypothesis is a boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder. Hypothesis is woman resting her head on husband shoulder The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder. Hypothesis is woman resting her head on man's shoulder The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman rests her head on a man's shoulder. Hypothesis is woman baking cake for her husband The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv. Hypothesis is the man owns the rv. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv. Hypothesis is the man is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an rv. Hypothesis is the man is inside his rv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival. Hypothesis is the two teens were doing homework at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival. Hypothesis is the two young teens tried to throw the ball into the basket to win the big bear. The label is neutral.
Premise is two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival. Hypothesis is two humans are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine. Hypothesis is the men are older. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine. Hypothesis is the men are both wearing glasses. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine. Hypothesis is the men are trying to fix a car. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little boys are standing in a kitchen. Hypothesis is they are going to get something to eat. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little boys are standing in a kitchen. Hypothesis is the kitchen is not empty. The label is entailment.
Premise is two little boys are standing in a kitchen. Hypothesis is the boys are climbing a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it. Hypothesis is a dog eats his food The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it. Hypothesis is a child likes the dress The label is neutral.
Premise is a child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it. Hypothesis is a child holds a dress The label is entailment.
Premise is a man laughing while at a restaurant. Hypothesis is a man laughing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man laughing while at a restaurant. Hypothesis is a man crying while at a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man laughing while at a restaurant. Hypothesis is a man laughing while at a restaurant eating. The label is neutral.
Premise is people sitting on benches in a public area. Hypothesis is there are people standing by benches in public. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people sitting on benches in a public area. Hypothesis is there are people sitting on benches outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is people sitting on benches in a public area. Hypothesis is there are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of women around a table to fabric. Hypothesis is the women are break dancing at the club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of women around a table to fabric. Hypothesis is there is a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of women around a table to fabric. Hypothesis is the women are sorority sisters. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is giving a presentation. Hypothesis is a man gives presentation The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is giving a presentation. Hypothesis is the man is a farmer The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is giving a presentation. Hypothesis is the man is not talking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope Hypothesis is the boyscout looks through a telescope at the clear night sky. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope Hypothesis is a boy scout is making a campfire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope Hypothesis is there is a boy and a telescope. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street. Hypothesis is a man is smoking a cigar. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street. Hypothesis is a man is smoking on a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man touching a hanging strand of lamps. Hypothesis is a man is reaching out to a strand of lamps. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man touching a hanging strand of lamps. Hypothesis is a man has his hands shoved into his coat pockets. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man touching a hanging strand of lamps. Hypothesis is a man reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps. The label is neutral.
Premise is in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard. Hypothesis is the children are doing schoolwork on the black boards The label is neutral.
Premise is in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard. Hypothesis is the children are putting out a fire nearby The label is contradiction.
Premise is in front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard. Hypothesis is the children are outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a red top. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top. Hypothesis is the woman is the man's wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top. Hypothesis is two people are next to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing. Hypothesis is the choir is doing a christmas program. The label is neutral.
Premise is a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing. Hypothesis is the choir are taking in a ball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a choir made up of varying ages of people are performing. Hypothesis is the choir is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass. Hypothesis is a person walks a way from a dirt circle The label is entailment.
Premise is a person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass. Hypothesis is a person jumps The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person on blue pants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass. Hypothesis is a person walks away The label is entailment.
Premise is a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes. Hypothesis is people are riding bikes in both directions on a road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes. Hypothesis is the road is in china. The label is neutral.
Premise is a view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes. Hypothesis is bumper to bumper automobile traffic clogs the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses. Hypothesis is the man is in a prison cell The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white shirt, dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars, in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river, against a bank of tall dried grasses. Hypothesis is the man is fishing in the lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. Hypothesis is a young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby shops. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. Hypothesis is a young woman is on a shopping trip. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores. Hypothesis is a young woman is eating in a fine restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area. Hypothesis is the boy and girl are inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area. Hypothesis is the boy and girl are playing together The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy and girl play together on a pile or rocks in a residential area. Hypothesis is the boy and girl are outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building. Hypothesis is a young man working in the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building. Hypothesis is a man working in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man shoveling snow off the roof of a building. Hypothesis is a young woman working in the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children playing a video game together. Hypothesis is the kids are at the table eating dinner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children playing a video game together. Hypothesis is the children are having fun together. The label is neutral.
Premise is children playing a video game together. Hypothesis is the kids are indoors playing a video game. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball. Hypothesis is two children fight over the remote. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball. Hypothesis is children play in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball. Hypothesis is two brothers have a snowball fight. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports. Hypothesis is a man is repairing a car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports. Hypothesis is a man reaches into a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports. Hypothesis is a man reaches into a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walking along the beach on a sunny day. Hypothesis is the beach is empty because of a hurricane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walking along the beach on a sunny day. Hypothesis is a married couple and their kids walk along the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus. Hypothesis is a dog is driving the bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus. Hypothesis is a group of people wait at a bus stop as a large white and blue bus stops. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus. Hypothesis is the people are waiting outside of an airport to board the bus. The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship. Hypothesis is the workers are on break. The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship. Hypothesis is the workers are close to the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship. Hypothesis is the workers are mute. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset. Hypothesis is people are swimming in ocean water The label is contradiction.
Premise is two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset. Hypothesis is two people paddle their boat on the ocean The label is entailment.
Premise is two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset. Hypothesis is two people paddles a canoe on the ocean The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of boys playing street soccer. Hypothesis is a group of boys are sitting down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of boys playing street soccer. Hypothesis is a team is playing street soccer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of boys playing street soccer. Hypothesis is a group of boys are playing soccer in the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rally in a different country. Hypothesis is a big rally in a different country. The label is neutral.
Premise is a rally in a different country. Hypothesis is a carnival in a different country. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a rally in a different country. Hypothesis is a rally in a seperate country. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch. Hypothesis is a tall person in shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch. Hypothesis is a person in a shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch. Hypothesis is nobody has a shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman reading a book with a grocery tote. Hypothesis is a woman is dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman reading a book with a grocery tote. Hypothesis is a woman is reading. The label is entailment.
Premise is woman reading a book with a grocery tote. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a book. The label is entailment.
Premise is a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth. Hypothesis is the man is in a heavy metal band. The label is neutral.
Premise is a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth. Hypothesis is the man is playing the trombone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth. Hypothesis is the man is holding an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain. Hypothesis is the child is getting wet from the fountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain. Hypothesis is the child has a green shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain. Hypothesis is the child is at play. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a welding mask working on a duct. Hypothesis is the man is kneeling down. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a welding mask working on a duct. Hypothesis is the man's head is partially obscured. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a welding mask working on a duct. Hypothesis is the man is working underneath a vehicle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by. Hypothesis is a man is posing The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by. Hypothesis is the man is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by. Hypothesis is the man is a model The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is playing with his skateboard on a street. Hypothesis is a man is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is playing with his skateboard on a street. Hypothesis is a man is able to use his legs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is playing with his skateboard on a street. Hypothesis is a man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married. Hypothesis is two people are going to a hockey game The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married. Hypothesis is a couple is getting married The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married. Hypothesis is a man and woman are getting eloped The label is neutral.
Premise is someone splashing in the water. Hypothesis is the woman splashes as she tries to keep from drowning in the river. The label is neutral.
Premise is someone splashing in the water. Hypothesis is someone is having a picnic near the lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is someone splashing in the water. Hypothesis is a person is splashing in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is two person are walking on the streets. Hypothesis is the two people are talking about the weather. The label is neutral.
Premise is two person are walking on the streets. Hypothesis is the two people re sitting inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two person are walking on the streets. Hypothesis is the to people are walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods. Hypothesis is a boy in orange runs through a local mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods. Hypothesis is a boy in orange rides his fathers dirt bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods. Hypothesis is a boy in orange rides his dirt bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red bmw, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants Hypothesis is cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the highway. The label is neutral.
Premise is 3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red bmw, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants Hypothesis is people re riding bicycles The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red bmw, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants Hypothesis is three people are riding horses across a course. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man straining to climb cliff face. Hypothesis is man reaching up to secure a handhold on the cliff face. The label is neutral.
Premise is man straining to climb cliff face. Hypothesis is man climbing a cliff. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk. Hypothesis is a woman escapes a from a hostile enviroment The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk. Hypothesis is a woman walks through a crowd The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk. Hypothesis is the crowd walks around a woman The label is neutral.
Premise is a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him. Hypothesis is there are people giving a speech at the fair. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him. Hypothesis is two people are standing beside each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away. Hypothesis is two clowns attack a lion. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away. Hypothesis is a man is looking at the camera for a photo with his arm around a lady who is looking away. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away. Hypothesis is the man is looking at the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill. Hypothesis is there are boys and girls standing next to a table The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill. Hypothesis is there are boys and girls sitting at a table The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill. Hypothesis is there are boys and girls sitting at a table playing games The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with his arm around a woman. Hypothesis is the woman and man are smiling. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with his arm around a woman. Hypothesis is two men are hugging. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with his arm around a woman. Hypothesis is a man is with a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are sitting on a couch. Hypothesis is a couple of men a seated on a couch. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are sitting on a couch. Hypothesis is two men are watching tv on a couch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are sitting on a couch. Hypothesis is two men are standing outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man holding a microphone and singing. Hypothesis is a woman is riding a bike outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man holding a microphone and singing. Hypothesis is a young man is doing karaoke in a bar. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man holding a microphone and singing. Hypothesis is a man is performing a song. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass. Hypothesis is the dog is white and gray. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass. Hypothesis is the dog's nose itches. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass. Hypothesis is the dog is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers. Hypothesis is the chef is eating fried chicken. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers. Hypothesis is he knows a lot about tomatos. The label is neutral.
Premise is a chef explains different varieties of tomatoes to consumers. Hypothesis is he likes to cook. The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree. Hypothesis is a person is trimming a tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree. Hypothesis is a person is messing with a tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree. Hypothesis is a worker falls out of a tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an u.s. flag attached in the rear. Hypothesis is henry ford admiring his assembly lines. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an u.s. flag attached in the rear. Hypothesis is a casually dressed man admiring an antique car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an u.s. flag attached in the rear. Hypothesis is a restored car being inspected by a potential buyer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog chasing a duck in a pond. Hypothesis is a dog and a duck are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog chasing a duck in a pond. Hypothesis is a dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog chasing a duck in a pond. Hypothesis is a dog is sitting for his owner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall. Hypothesis is two men standing outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall. Hypothesis is two men standing in front of a wall looking for trouble. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall. Hypothesis is a group of girls getting ready for a party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table. Hypothesis is the men are partners The label is neutral.
Premise is two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table. Hypothesis is two men are discussing The label is entailment.
Premise is two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table. Hypothesis is the men are asleep in the motel The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge. Hypothesis is the girll is playing a game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge. Hypothesis is the girl is throwing something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge. Hypothesis is the girl is not throwing anything. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle. Hypothesis is the man is sparring in the gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle. Hypothesis is the man speeds along the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle. Hypothesis is the man is driving. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge Hypothesis is boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge Hypothesis is cat and dog fighting on a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge Hypothesis is two people hugging. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods. Hypothesis is the children hug in the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods. Hypothesis is the little boy is hitting the girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods. Hypothesis is the little girl is consoling the boy. The label is neutral.
Premise is the gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder. Hypothesis is the gentleman is speaking to an old lady. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder. Hypothesis is the young lady that the gentleman is speaking to is his daughter. The label is neutral.
Premise is the gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder. Hypothesis is the gentleman is speaking to a young lady. The label is entailment.
Premise is a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling. Hypothesis is a person juggles in a kilt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling. Hypothesis is a person rides a bike down a hill wearing pants. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling. Hypothesis is a person juggles balls in a kilt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs. Hypothesis is a man in a shirt juggles. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs. Hypothesis is a man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs. Hypothesis is a man in a green shirt juggles a bear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building. Hypothesis is a clown rides a tall bike in a parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building. Hypothesis is a man rides a bike outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building. Hypothesis is a dog rides a bicycle down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets. Hypothesis is a party has just ended The label is neutral.
Premise is several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets. Hypothesis is a group of people fight in their dreams The label is neutral.
Premise is several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets. Hypothesis is a group of people rest The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman playing hopscotch. Hypothesis is there is a young woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman playing hopscotch. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting in the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman playing hopscotch. Hypothesis is a girl is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill Hypothesis is a child is playing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill Hypothesis is a child is playing on christmas. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill Hypothesis is a man is playing in the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a musician playing his violin. Hypothesis is the race car driver accelerates around a curve. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a musician playing his violin. Hypothesis is the violinist is on stage with other musicians. The label is neutral.
Premise is a musician playing his violin. Hypothesis is a person is playing an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill. Hypothesis is the boy is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill. Hypothesis is the boy in black and red is walking down the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy in red and black shirt walks through grass. Hypothesis is the boy is going to school. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy in red and black shirt walks through grass. Hypothesis is the boy has a green and purple shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy in red and black shirt walks through grass. Hypothesis is the boy is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal. Hypothesis is a boy is watching a movie in his living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal. Hypothesis is a man is performing a balancing trick over a large canal in venice. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings. Hypothesis is a man is homeless. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings. Hypothesis is a man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sits outdoors with some of his belongings. Hypothesis is a man is inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. Hypothesis is the little boy is playing video games The label is contradiction.
Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. Hypothesis is he is barefoot. The label is neutral.
Premise is young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing. Hypothesis is he is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument. Hypothesis is a child is taking a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument. Hypothesis is a child is asian and american. The label is neutral.
Premise is young asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument. Hypothesis is a child is asian. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope. Hypothesis is a lady and a child are on a boat and the lady is looking out into the ocean through a scope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope. Hypothesis is a lady is looking through a scope at the ocean. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope. Hypothesis is the lady laid down for the day. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea. Hypothesis is a woman has a bright pink jacket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea. Hypothesis is a woman has a bright white jacket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea. Hypothesis is a woman has a bright light pink jacket. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching. Hypothesis is four men are watching the storage unit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching. Hypothesis is four men are eating a meal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching. Hypothesis is four men are making sure that the man in the storage unit stays put. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses. Hypothesis is there are women singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses. Hypothesis is some women are knitting at the cafe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses. Hypothesis is a group of women sing on stage at the concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is an athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading. Hypothesis is woman rollerblading The label is entailment.
Premise is an athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading. Hypothesis is woman going to park The label is neutral.
Premise is an athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading. Hypothesis is boy eats sandwich The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap. Hypothesis is there is a little girl taking a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap. Hypothesis is there are several people, one has a cap on. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap. Hypothesis is there are many people attending a baseball game. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs in a grassy field. Hypothesis is two dogs are playing outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs in a grassy field. Hypothesis is two dogs are on a sandy beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs in a grassy field. Hypothesis is two dogs are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons. Hypothesis is some people are throwing a surprise birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons. Hypothesis is some people are throwing a party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons. Hypothesis is some people are happy to be throwing a party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three friends are talking. Hypothesis is three people have their mouths full of food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three friends are talking. Hypothesis is three people have drinks in their hand. The label is neutral.
Premise is three friends are talking. Hypothesis is three people are hanging out. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses. Hypothesis is a woman is dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a white shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses. Hypothesis is a man is shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls. Hypothesis is a boy in a coat The label is entailment.
Premise is a young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls. Hypothesis is the boy is fifteen The label is neutral.
Premise is a young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls. Hypothesis is the boy is flying a plane The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog carries an object in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog is carrying a stick in the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog carries an object in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog is asleep in its dog house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog carries an object in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog in the snow is carrying some object. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top. Hypothesis is two dogs are walking throught a gate. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top. Hypothesis is a family is walking through a gate. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top. Hypothesis is people are walking through a gate. The label is entailment.
Premise is little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice. Hypothesis is a girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice. Hypothesis is a girl is ingesting liquid. The label is entailment.
Premise is little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice. Hypothesis is a girl with curly hair is drinking through a straw. The label is neutral.
Premise is a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark. Hypothesis is the people are at a play. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark. Hypothesis is the audience is listening to the concert in the dark. The label is entailment.
Premise is a music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark. Hypothesis is the concert is being held at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball. Hypothesis is two boys jump. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball. Hypothesis is two boys sit down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball. Hypothesis is two boys jump with excitement. The label is neutral.
Premise is children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face. Hypothesis is the children can all swim. The label is neutral.
Premise is children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face. Hypothesis is the children are in a very deep pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set. Hypothesis is a boy and a girl are cooking breakfast. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set. Hypothesis is a brother and sister are playing on a swing set. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set. Hypothesis is two children are playing on a swing set. The label is entailment.
Premise is two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left. Hypothesis is there are professional riders at a ceremony. The label is neutral.
Premise is two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left. Hypothesis is the men are driving their motorcycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left. Hypothesis is two people are on some animals. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle. Hypothesis is clown entertains people at a birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle. Hypothesis is man throws knives at unsuspecting people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle. Hypothesis is man performs a juggling act on a unicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary. Hypothesis is two old men talk at a family reunion. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary. Hypothesis is the two men are talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary. Hypothesis is a man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard. Hypothesis is people share a conversation. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard. Hypothesis is two men row a boat out to sea. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard. Hypothesis is the man is perplexed by the events. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey. Hypothesis is someone is in a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey. Hypothesis is someone is in a bar. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey. Hypothesis is someone is inside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person. Hypothesis is animals are in a tub. The label is entailment.
Premise is three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person. Hypothesis is three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by the vet. The label is neutral.
Premise is three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person. Hypothesis is three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock. Hypothesis is a couple of people are at the end of the dock. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock. Hypothesis is men fishing from a long wooden dock. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock. Hypothesis is women looking at the lake from the dock. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television. Hypothesis is a man prepares to give a speech for a television audience. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television. Hypothesis is a man is enjoying a cigar at a party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a button up shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a speaker is talking with a tv in the background. Hypothesis is there is a live bear in the background. The label is neutral.
Premise is a speaker is talking with a tv in the background. Hypothesis is the tv volume is turned on low. The label is neutral.
Premise is a speaker is talking with a tv in the background. Hypothesis is a speaker is talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it. Hypothesis is two men lie on tables in the morgue. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it. Hypothesis is there are some people on a road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it. Hypothesis is one man shows the ransom money to the other. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man is taking a picture of the beach. Hypothesis is the man is inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is taking a picture of the beach. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is taking a picture of the beach. Hypothesis is the man is a photographer The label is neutral.
Premise is in an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book. Hypothesis is the man and woman are cooperating. The label is neutral.
Premise is in an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book. Hypothesis is both of them are illiterate. The label is contradiction.
Premise is in an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book. Hypothesis is they are in college. The label is neutral.
Premise is lady in black skirt is getting excited. Hypothesis is a lady is sad after the tragedy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is lady in black skirt is getting excited. Hypothesis is a lady is excited. The label is entailment.
Premise is lady in black skirt is getting excited. Hypothesis is a lady is excited after winning a contest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him. Hypothesis is a naked man drinks a soda in the dark. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him. Hypothesis is a man sings a love song to the audience. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him. Hypothesis is a man performs under a light. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men holding a chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling. Hypothesis is a father and son hold a chinese lantern and prepare to hang it up. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men holding a chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling. Hypothesis is a man and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men holding a chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling. Hypothesis is one smiling man and one man with a drill hold a red and yellow chinese lantern. The label is entailment.
Premise is some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk. Hypothesis is multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture. The label is entailment.
Premise is some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk. Hypothesis is a man is dragging a couch across the room so he can vacuum. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on. Hypothesis is the girl is browsing her phone while another girl watches her. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on. Hypothesis is the two girls are at school taking an exam. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on. Hypothesis is the girl is browsing reddit on her phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black shirt working on a guitar. Hypothesis is a guy working on his drums. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt working on a guitar. Hypothesis is a guy working on his instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black shirt working on a guitar. Hypothesis is a guy working on his bass guitar. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole. Hypothesis is a man is trimming trees. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole. Hypothesis is a man is working in the sun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole. Hypothesis is a woman is working for the phone company. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow. Hypothesis is the girls are cover head to toe. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow. Hypothesis is the girls are sitting in front a indoor fireplace The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow. Hypothesis is the girls are building a snowman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow. Hypothesis is the couple stood in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow. Hypothesis is the couple stood on the beach together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow. Hypothesis is the couple stood in the snow together for the photographer. The label is neutral.
Premise is three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby. Hypothesis is many people load up a taxi The label is neutral.
Premise is three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby. Hypothesis is the taxi has nothing on it The label is contradiction.
Premise is three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby. Hypothesis is the people put furniture on the taxi The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black. Hypothesis is two girls playing the drums. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black. Hypothesis is a boy singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black. Hypothesis is a woman teaching a boy to sing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man and woman dressed as devils are riding bicycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear. Hypothesis is the girl is getting riding lessons. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear. Hypothesis is the girl is riding a horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear. Hypothesis is the girl is walking alongside the horse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles. Hypothesis is the single man was working on his house The label is neutral.
Premise is a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles. Hypothesis is a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles The label is entailment.
Premise is a single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles. Hypothesis is the single man was watching tv The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds. Hypothesis is two white dogs are standing in a snowbank. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds. Hypothesis is a big brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background. Hypothesis is a city of ice sits in the distance. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background. Hypothesis is a hand holds a strainer, a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation. The label is neutral.
Premise is a hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background. Hypothesis is a strainer contains some liquid. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond man playing a guitar. Hypothesis is a man is playing a guitar. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond man playing a guitar. Hypothesis is a well dressed man is playing a guitar. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond man playing a guitar. Hypothesis is a bald man is playing a guitar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms. Hypothesis is the racetrack is outdoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms. Hypothesis is the racetrack is long. The label is neutral.
Premise is four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms. Hypothesis is there are cyclists racing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words 'sad,' 'depressed,' and 'hatred' on a large sheet of white paper. Hypothesis is a woman in an american green military uniform is smiling. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words 'sad,' 'depressed,' and 'hatred' on a large sheet of white paper. Hypothesis is a woman in an american military uniform. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in an american military uniform sits at a table and writes the words 'sad,' 'depressed,' and 'hatred' on a large sheet of white paper. Hypothesis is a woman is diving off a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her. Hypothesis is a woman is writing on a rock The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her. Hypothesis is a woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a us military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her. Hypothesis is a woman is writing on paper The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by. Hypothesis is a man and a child sitting on steps saw a woman walk by. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by. Hypothesis is a man and a child watched tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by. Hypothesis is a man and a child sitting on steps saw a bystander. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people climb a rock overhanging water. Hypothesis is the two people are racing each other on the rock. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people climb a rock overhanging water. Hypothesis is two kids are climbing the rock. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people climb a rock overhanging water. Hypothesis is two people are climbing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock. Hypothesis is the girl is swimming in the river. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock. Hypothesis is the girl is cooling her feet on a hot day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing a hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it. Hypothesis is three people sit in a paddle boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it. Hypothesis is the pond is too shallow for any boating. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it. Hypothesis is the owners of a house enjoy their pond. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat. Hypothesis is a tall person in a shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is one man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat. Hypothesis is a person in a shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is one man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat. Hypothesis is nobody has a shirt on The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman is looking something. Hypothesis is a woman is blind. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman is looking something. Hypothesis is a woman is looking The label is entailment.
Premise is woman is looking something. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at a man The label is neutral.
Premise is a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background Hypothesis is a boy is snowboarding in mid air The label is neutral.
Premise is a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background Hypothesis is a person snowboarding in mid air The label is entailment.
Premise is a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background Hypothesis is a person is snowboarding behind a football field The label is contradiction.
Premise is a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat. Hypothesis is a fisherman uses a cell phone to call his wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat. Hypothesis is a fisherman uses a cellphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat. Hypothesis is a fisherman is sleeping on his boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun. Hypothesis is a man encouraging children to have fun with one another as they look on. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun. Hypothesis is a father attempting to encorage his children to run around and have fun outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man getting a group of children to move around and have fun. Hypothesis is a man sitting on a couch with children. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tractor decorated as a float for a parade Hypothesis is a tractor drives down the parade route The label is neutral.
Premise is a tractor decorated as a float for a parade Hypothesis is a tractor is decorated for a parade The label is entailment.
Premise is a tractor decorated as a float for a parade Hypothesis is a lawnmover is being repaired The label is contradiction.
Premise is men play hockey. Hypothesis is aliens play The label is contradiction.
Premise is men play hockey. Hypothesis is men play fair The label is neutral.
Premise is men play hockey. Hypothesis is men play The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a dog is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a dog is chasing a frisbee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a dog is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow. Hypothesis is the woman is riding a horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow. Hypothesis is the woman owns the horse. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow. Hypothesis is the horse is being ridden by a man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance. Hypothesis is a man juggling flaming torches. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance. Hypothesis is a man singing to the crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is an entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance. Hypothesis is a man in front of an audience. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces. Hypothesis is a girl is play fighting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces. Hypothesis is the boy is at a boxing match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces. Hypothesis is a girl is playing wrestling with a friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear. Hypothesis is the man protected himself. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear. Hypothesis is the dog rolled around in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear. Hypothesis is he was training a police dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick Hypothesis is a dog is being trained by a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick Hypothesis is a blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick Hypothesis is a dog is being put down at the vet clinic. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop. Hypothesis is a skier going down the bunny hill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop. Hypothesis is a skier going down a hill. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop. Hypothesis is a surfer riding a wave. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day. Hypothesis is someone who is visible is more than fifteen years old. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day. Hypothesis is every instrument visible is a woodwind. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day. Hypothesis is the man has been playing the blues. The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work. Hypothesis is a city employee inspects construction on a public road. The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work. Hypothesis is the man in black is climbing the stairs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work. Hypothesis is a person is wearing orange. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park. Hypothesis is a man jogs through the woods. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park. Hypothesis is a man walking in droney park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park. Hypothesis is a man walking in droney park on his day off. The label is neutral.
Premise is a smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him. Hypothesis is this bald man stands naked in protest of fur for fashion. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him. Hypothesis is this man has an eyesight deficiency. The label is neutral.
Premise is a smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him. Hypothesis is this elderly man is nearsighted. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle. Hypothesis is a man is driving a truck blindfolded. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle. Hypothesis is a man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby is looking into what looks like a telescope. Hypothesis is a baby looks into a device. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby is looking into what looks like a telescope. Hypothesis is a baby is playing with a smartphone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baby is looking into what looks like a telescope. Hypothesis is an infant looks through a telescope pointed at the planet jupiter. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl on a piece of playground equipment Hypothesis is a dog watches tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl on a piece of playground equipment Hypothesis is a kid is doing a thing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl on a piece of playground equipment Hypothesis is a kid is doing a thing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man. Hypothesis is performers are waiting for a crowd to calm down before they continue their performance The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man. Hypothesis is two people are on a stage The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man. Hypothesis is two people are lying on a couch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a short mohawk and beard. Hypothesis is there is a man with a ponytail and a mustache. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a short mohawk and beard. Hypothesis is the man has a beard and a short mohawk haircut. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a short mohawk and beard. Hypothesis is a man with a short mohawk and beard stands outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt. Hypothesis is the little boy is good friends with the girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt. Hypothesis is the little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt. Hypothesis is a little boy is whispering to a girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck. Hypothesis is a woman is getting her picture taken near a truck. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck. Hypothesis is a woman is getting her maternity pictures taken. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck. Hypothesis is a woman is posing in the forest near a motorcycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is blond women working wearing gloves. Hypothesis is a woman working with her hands protected from harm. The label is entailment.
Premise is blond women working wearing gloves. Hypothesis is a redhead working wearing gloves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is blond women working wearing gloves. Hypothesis is a woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity. Hypothesis is all vegetation the woman is working with is the same age. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity. Hypothesis is the woman is working with plants. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity. Hypothesis is she intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen. The label is neutral.
Premise is three girls jumping in front of a house's flower garden. Hypothesis is the girls are playing on a street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three girls jumping in front of a house's flower garden. Hypothesis is three girls are jumping The label is entailment.
Premise is a young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background. Hypothesis is a girl jumps in a grassy field The label is entailment.
Premise is a young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background. Hypothesis is a girl jumps in her newly cut lawn The label is entailment.
Premise is a young redheaded girl, wearing a yellow shirt, black pants, and sneakers, jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background. Hypothesis is a boy jumps in a grassy field The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades. Hypothesis is everyone is wearing green clothing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades. Hypothesis is there are several people wearng red. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades. Hypothesis is everyone is riding rollerblades. The label is neutral.
Premise is four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court. Hypothesis is a group of women playing basketball in a gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court. Hypothesis is a group of young men looking up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in. The label is neutral.
Premise is four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court. Hypothesis is four young men looking up at a basketball hoop. The label is entailment.
Premise is a ballerina striking a pose in the studio. Hypothesis is the ballerina is wearing pink. The label is neutral.
Premise is a ballerina striking a pose in the studio. Hypothesis is the ballerina is outdoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a ballerina striking a pose in the studio. Hypothesis is the ballerina is indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is four kids pose on a stage. Hypothesis is four siblings pose for a photo on a stage. The label is neutral.
Premise is four kids pose on a stage. Hypothesis is several little people are breaking into a theater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four kids pose on a stage. Hypothesis is several children are posing on a stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is people in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake. Hypothesis is a puppy is sitting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake. Hypothesis is a family is diving into the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is people in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake. Hypothesis is people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole. Hypothesis is a boy has and object in his hands. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole. Hypothesis is the boy is younger than age ten. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole. Hypothesis is the boy is holding a samurai sword. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in white climbs up a metal structure. Hypothesis is a woman is being athletic. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in white climbs up a metal structure. Hypothesis is a woman in a wedding dress is climbing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in white climbs up a metal structure. Hypothesis is a woman is asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand. Hypothesis is someone is standing with a bucket on their head. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand. Hypothesis is there is more than one bucket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand. Hypothesis is someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water. The label is neutral.
Premise is an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket. Hypothesis is a woman is cleaning wood. The label is entailment.
Premise is an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket. Hypothesis is a woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window. The label is neutral.
Premise is an oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket. Hypothesis is a man is cleaning wood. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man. Hypothesis is a man sits in front of another man The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man. Hypothesis is a man is laying at the bach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man. Hypothesis is a man is looking at his friend The label is neutral.
Premise is older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building. Hypothesis is an older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building The label is neutral.
Premise is older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building. Hypothesis is an older man is outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building. Hypothesis is an old man is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man is wearing knee pads. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man is walking with his skateboard on the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water. Hypothesis is a woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water. Hypothesis is a  woman is swimming in her pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water. Hypothesis is a woman sits outside on the dock. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket Hypothesis is a girl is playing tennis with three other people. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket Hypothesis is the girl is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket Hypothesis is a girl is playing tennis. The label is entailment.
Premise is six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers. Hypothesis is six people are dressing old school for a play. The label is neutral.
Premise is six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers. Hypothesis is six people are dressed up. The label is entailment.
Premise is six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers. Hypothesis is six people are naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young male is running while playing tennis against another person. Hypothesis is a man moves while playing a game The label is neutral.
Premise is a young male is running while playing tennis against another person. Hypothesis is an old woman sits on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young male is running while playing tennis against another person. Hypothesis is two people play tennis as one of them runs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market. Hypothesis is a woman browses a market The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market. Hypothesis is a woman compares prices on eggs at the market The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market. Hypothesis is a woman with an empty cart knocks over an egg carton The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation. Hypothesis is four people are talking to each other outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation. Hypothesis is two men and two women are outside having conversations. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women, standing at a fence, are each talking on their cellphones, while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation. Hypothesis is the two men and women are talking to people that they know. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there. Hypothesis is a lady cleans her feet for a fetish video. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there. Hypothesis is a lady is climbing a rope. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there. Hypothesis is a lady in the kitchen cleans her feet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles. Hypothesis is a military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles. Hypothesis is a military man is running inside the line of military vehicle The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lit girl splashes around in natural water. Hypothesis is the girl is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lit girl splashes around in natural water. Hypothesis is a girl splashes in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lit girl splashes around in natural water. Hypothesis is the girl is sitting inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field. Hypothesis is two men playing soccer. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field. Hypothesis is two teams playing soccer, practicing for the olympics. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field. Hypothesis is a man crochets. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills. Hypothesis is two dogs chase a bunny The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills. Hypothesis is two dogs run The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills. Hypothesis is one cat sleeps The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill. Hypothesis is there are animals outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill. Hypothesis is the dogs are chasing a squirrel. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill. Hypothesis is the dogs are eating their food indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young people are standing around a drum at a party. Hypothesis is people are playing a drum. The label is neutral.
Premise is young people are standing around a drum at a party. Hypothesis is a drum is in a museum. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young people are standing around a drum at a party. Hypothesis is a drum has people standing around it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a 'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall. Hypothesis is a man jumps out of a plane The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a 'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall. Hypothesis is a person is relaxing on his day off The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a 'swim at your own risk' sign on the wall. Hypothesis is a person sits in a chair in water The label is entailment.
Premise is a white man in a red shirt riding a bike. Hypothesis is a woman wears a shirt on a unicycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white man in a red shirt riding a bike. Hypothesis is a guy wears a shirt on a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white man in a red shirt riding a bike. Hypothesis is an old guy wears a shirt on a bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table. Hypothesis is there are several people sitting around a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table. Hypothesis is several people are sitting around a table and are about to play a card game. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table. Hypothesis is there is a group of people behind another group of people hiding underneath a table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl poses with a trophy in the park. Hypothesis is a boy poses with his trophy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl poses with a trophy in the park. Hypothesis is a girl is at the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl poses with a trophy in the park. Hypothesis is a girl poses with her spelling bee trophy. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day. Hypothesis is there are men on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day. Hypothesis is two men are shirtless. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day. Hypothesis is men are riding bicycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people at a farmer's market. Hypothesis is the family is near a farmer market. The label is neutral.
Premise is people at a farmer's market. Hypothesis is people are at a grocery store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people at a farmer's market. Hypothesis is a crowd is at the farmers market. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people enjoying an art exhibit. Hypothesis is four people are at a bar The label is contradiction.
Premise is four people enjoying an art exhibit. Hypothesis is fours people are looking at art The label is entailment.
Premise is four people enjoying an art exhibit. Hypothesis is four people are trying to see what new painting to buy The label is neutral.
Premise is man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon. Hypothesis is a woman cuts celery. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon. Hypothesis is a man makes something from a balloon. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon. Hypothesis is a clown makes balloon animals. The label is neutral.
Premise is this man, with a red& white shirt has water bottles on this white truck. Hypothesis is the guy has bottles on the truck The label is entailment.
Premise is this man, with a red& white shirt has water bottles on this white truck. Hypothesis is the guy has bottles on the truck for me The label is neutral.
Premise is this man, with a red& white shirt has water bottles on this white truck. Hypothesis is the cat jumps in the water The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear. Hypothesis is boy sawing a piece of wood in half. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear. Hypothesis is boy pretending to be a doctor. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear. Hypothesis is boy playing doctor on a friend with his toys. The label is neutral.
Premise is the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river. Hypothesis is the people are in a boat The label is entailment.
Premise is the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river. Hypothesis is the boat has sunk The label is contradiction.
Premise is the team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river. Hypothesis is the river is wild The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain. Hypothesis is a couple eat sandwiches together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain. Hypothesis is two people are in front of a fountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain. Hypothesis is a young couple is very much in love. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd in which two men are wearing santa claus hats are celebrating christmas outside of a bank of america and a christmas tree. Hypothesis is many people are singing carols. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd in which two men are wearing santa claus hats are celebrating christmas outside of a bank of america and a christmas tree. Hypothesis is a crowd is celebrating christmas outside of bank of america. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd in which two men are wearing santa claus hats are celebrating christmas outside of a bank of america and a christmas tree. Hypothesis is a crowd of people is celebrating easter. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location. Hypothesis is the spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wire. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location. Hypothesis is a person is riding their bike through the grocery store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location. Hypothesis is a person on a bicycle has his bike situated on a wire. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone Hypothesis is the man and women are standing by a river. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone Hypothesis is the people are husband and wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone Hypothesis is the lady is reading. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings. Hypothesis is two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings. Hypothesis is two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches inside a museum. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings. Hypothesis is some people are seated on a bench outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people sitting on stools looking outside. Hypothesis is people look out side the bar they are in. The label is neutral.
Premise is people sitting on stools looking outside. Hypothesis is people look outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people sitting on stools looking outside. Hypothesis is people look at a movie screen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park. Hypothesis is woman sets bike on fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park. Hypothesis is young woman shows off new bike tricks in front of friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park. Hypothesis is young woman performing bike tricks at a bike park. The label is entailment.
Premise is at least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city. Hypothesis is people sitting on the floor The label is contradiction.
Premise is at least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city. Hypothesis is people sitting at a table The label is entailment.
Premise is at least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city. Hypothesis is people sitting at a table getting ready for dinner The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him. Hypothesis is a boy puts on his new sunglasses The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him. Hypothesis is a boy puts on some sunglasses The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him. Hypothesis is a girl puts on some sunglasses The label is contradiction.
Premise is men in an office with computers and a projector screen. Hypothesis is the men are at the gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men in an office with computers and a projector screen. Hypothesis is there are computers and a projector screen in the room. The label is entailment.
Premise is men in an office with computers and a projector screen. Hypothesis is the men are preparing for a presentation. The label is neutral.
Premise is two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline. Hypothesis is children play on trampolines outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline. Hypothesis is two kids are exercising on trampolines. The label is entailment.
Premise is two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline. Hypothesis is two kids are building a trampoline from scratch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball. Hypothesis is two soccer players go after the ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball. Hypothesis is two women compete in a tennis match. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball. Hypothesis is two soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom. Hypothesis is the man is the janitor for the building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom. Hypothesis is the man is sweeping the steps. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom. Hypothesis is the man has white clothing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is numerous customers browsing for produce in a market. Hypothesis is people are shopping for watermelons. The label is neutral.
Premise is numerous customers browsing for produce in a market. Hypothesis is people are shopping. The label is entailment.
Premise is numerous customers browsing for produce in a market. Hypothesis is people are showering. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop. Hypothesis is a boy is practicing his basketball shooting skills for his school's game later. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop. Hypothesis is a young male is wearing clothes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy wearing a shirt with an american flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop. Hypothesis is the boy is asleep in bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on. Hypothesis is there is a girl and her father present. The label is entailment.
Premise is a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on. Hypothesis is the girl is by herself. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a u.s. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on. Hypothesis is the girl has a troubled expression. The label is neutral.
Premise is taking a break to watch some tv Hypothesis is taking a neverending break The label is contradiction.
Premise is taking a break to watch some tv Hypothesis is taking a long break The label is neutral.
Premise is taking a break to watch some tv Hypothesis is taking a break The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog persues a frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches. Hypothesis is a dog goes to the vet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog persues a frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches. Hypothesis is a dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog persues a frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches. Hypothesis is a dog plays in the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail. Hypothesis is a boy is carrying something on his shoulder. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail. Hypothesis is a boy is sitting still. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail. Hypothesis is a boy is walking to the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt. Hypothesis is a man is speaking to a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt. Hypothesis is a man with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt. Hypothesis is a man is giving a toast at a wedding. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest. Hypothesis is two girls play tag in a forest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest. Hypothesis is a guy walks on a downed tree trunk. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest. Hypothesis is a young man wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine. Hypothesis is a man stands in his room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine. Hypothesis is a lumberjack works. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine. Hypothesis is a man walks outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady is promoting something to the other two girls. Hypothesis is a man is boasting about something at a bar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady is promoting something to the other two girls. Hypothesis is a woman is selling jewelry to two girls. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady is promoting something to the other two girls. Hypothesis is a woman is engaging some girls. The label is entailment.
Premise is some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft Hypothesis is some kids playing with a jet-ski. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft Hypothesis is some kids playing with a raft in the lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft Hypothesis is some kids playing with a raft. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of asian girls are standing together. Hypothesis is there are boys standing together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of asian girls are standing together. Hypothesis is there are many girls standing together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of asian girls are standing together. Hypothesis is the girls are standing outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends The label is neutral.
Premise is a cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is don't stock up and have fun with the sled The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks. Hypothesis is two girls kiss. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks. Hypothesis is two girls kiss there dad. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks. Hypothesis is two girls kiss a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly. Hypothesis is a woman looks to her left The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly. Hypothesis is a man smiles to his left The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly. Hypothesis is a woman smiles at someone to her left The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts. Hypothesis is the man working at target was carrying shooping carts up the escalator. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts. Hypothesis is the man is inside a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts. Hypothesis is the man is sitting on table not doing anything. The label is contradiction.
Premise is i am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake. Hypothesis is i am near a lake. The label is entailment.
Premise is i am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake. Hypothesis is i am white water rafting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is i am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake. Hypothesis is i am at the lake with my family. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looking at a woman looking at water. Hypothesis is a woman watches the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looking at a woman looking at water. Hypothesis is a woman watches the lake while her child swims. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looking at a woman looking at water. Hypothesis is a man drinks beer. The label is neutral.
Premise is lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab. Hypothesis is the lab tech is using the microscope. The label is entailment.
Premise is lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab. Hypothesis is the lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab. Hypothesis is the lab tech is looking at a cell sample. The label is neutral.
Premise is coed choir singing at an event. Hypothesis is a large choir is singing. The label is neutral.
Premise is coed choir singing at an event. Hypothesis is an all boys choir is singing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is coed choir singing at an event. Hypothesis is a choir is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering. Hypothesis is the man is being filmed by another man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering. Hypothesis is the crowd is very quiet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering. Hypothesis is the audience is cheering because of the celebrity. The label is neutral.
Premise is children receiving places at an award ceremony. Hypothesis is an award ceremony is occurring. The label is entailment.
Premise is children receiving places at an award ceremony. Hypothesis is the children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts. The label is neutral.
Premise is children receiving places at an award ceremony. Hypothesis is the children are rolling on the floor collecting dust for science. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms. Hypothesis is a woman crosses the street carrying her baby. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms. Hypothesis is a woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms. Hypothesis is a woman crosses the street carrying a large sandwich. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him Hypothesis is a man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him Hypothesis is a man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him Hypothesis is a man sitting in his car inside his garage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt. Hypothesis is a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt. Hypothesis is a small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background. Hypothesis is the girl is driving in the city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background. Hypothesis is the young girl loves to run. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background. Hypothesis is the young girl is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike. Hypothesis is it is the child's first time hiking. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike. Hypothesis is two people are going for a hike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is walking a bicycle down a city street. Hypothesis is the bike has a flat tire. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is walking a bicycle down a city street. Hypothesis is the person is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is walking a bicycle down a city street. Hypothesis is a person is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man sleeping next to a dog. Hypothesis is a dog has a man sleeping next to it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man sleeping next to a dog. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping next to his daughters dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man sleeping next to a dog. Hypothesis is a boy is playing frisbee out in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track. Hypothesis is the crowd of people are watching the horse race. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track. Hypothesis is the people watch as the soap box car drives by them. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track. Hypothesis is the people are at the race. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play. Hypothesis is a boy poses in front of children playing The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play. Hypothesis is a boy poses in front of his siblings playing The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play. Hypothesis is a girl poses in front of people The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair. Hypothesis is two women are making pancakes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair. Hypothesis is a girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet she bought. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair. Hypothesis is a redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people celebrate their asian culture. Hypothesis is at a chinese restaurant, a group of people celebrate their asian culture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people celebrate their asian culture. Hypothesis is a group of people sit angrily at a table waiting for food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people celebrate their asian culture. Hypothesis is a group of people celebrate. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background Hypothesis is a man sits in the hospital. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background Hypothesis is a man rides a motorcycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background Hypothesis is a man preforms tricks on a motorcycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is two daschunds play with a red ball Hypothesis is two dogs playing together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two daschunds play with a red ball Hypothesis is a cat in a litter box. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two daschunds play with a red ball Hypothesis is two dogs playing fetch. The label is neutral.
Premise is guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water. Hypothesis is a man in the navy stands on a boat in the cool air. The label is neutral.
Premise is guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water. Hypothesis is a man in the navy is sailing through the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water. Hypothesis is a man in a uniform is underground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing on a green boat. Hypothesis is the boat is red and white. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing on a green boat. Hypothesis is he is going sailing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man standing on a green boat. Hypothesis is he is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is artists install a new exhibit in a gallery. Hypothesis is artists are watching the tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is artists install a new exhibit in a gallery. Hypothesis is people put up new art. The label is neutral.
Premise is artists install a new exhibit in a gallery. Hypothesis is people put up new art at the towns local gallery. The label is entailment.
Premise is a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her. Hypothesis is a dancer performs The label is entailment.
Premise is a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her. Hypothesis is a bear jumps The label is contradiction.
Premise is a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her. Hypothesis is someone dances with a ribbon The label is entailment.
Premise is the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition. Hypothesis is the gymnast cannot finish her exercise. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition. Hypothesis is the gymnast completes her exercise. The label is entailment.
Premise is the rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition. Hypothesis is the gymnast completes her intense exercise. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are riding bicycles next to a building. Hypothesis is two people are riding red bicycles next to a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are riding bicycles next to a building. Hypothesis is two people are riding bikes near a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are riding bicycles next to a building. Hypothesis is a woman is riding a unicycle past a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach. Hypothesis is the soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to win the soccer game. The label is neutral.
Premise is the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach. Hypothesis is the female basketball team ignored their coach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach. Hypothesis is a female soccer team is listening to their coach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime. Hypothesis is a person is wearing a bright hat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime. Hypothesis is a person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one leg The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat, neutral pants, and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime. Hypothesis is a person is wearing a dark hat The label is entailment.
Premise is a man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic. Hypothesis is a woman is talking while a man is reaching for something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic. Hypothesis is a man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic. Hypothesis is a man reaches for a cellphone while his companion tells him about her life. The label is neutral.
Premise is asian people about to perform animal balloons. Hypothesis is people make balloons The label is entailment.
Premise is asian people about to perform animal balloons. Hypothesis is people perform for kids The label is neutral.
Premise is asian people about to perform animal balloons. Hypothesis is dog looks at the pond The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town. Hypothesis is two girls hating the town. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town. Hypothesis is two girls enjoying a night on the town. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town. Hypothesis is two young girls enjoying a night on the town. The label is neutral.
Premise is three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it. Hypothesis is there are four people outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it. Hypothesis is four sisters play with each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket. Hypothesis is a child is getting ready for his junior athletic league tennis tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket. Hypothesis is two women in a bright red sports car, with sunglasses and pink lipstick, laugh and sing songs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket. Hypothesis is a child in a colorful outfit, holds a piece of sporting equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a vertical surface. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with the other children. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area. Hypothesis is a boy is playing in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with a squirt gun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is two animals are swimming. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a dog and cat are drowning in the pool/ The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is two cats are in the lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters. Hypothesis is two women are working. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters. Hypothesis is no one is wearing aprons. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters. Hypothesis is two women are running a kitchen. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car. Hypothesis is she is hailing a cab. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car. Hypothesis is the woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car. Hypothesis is she is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on. Hypothesis is the group of people are swimming in the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on. Hypothesis is the group of people are naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on. Hypothesis is they are people in the water with clothes on. The label is entailment.
Premise is at a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag. Hypothesis is two people are painting ceramics The label is entailment.
Premise is at a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag. Hypothesis is two people are paining each others faces The label is contradiction.
Premise is at a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag. Hypothesis is two people are trying to finish up a project before an art contest The label is neutral.
Premise is there are two people walking in the sand. Hypothesis is the two people walking in the sand are on a date. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are two people walking in the sand. Hypothesis is two people walk across the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are two people walking in the sand. Hypothesis is there are five people walking in the sand with drums. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog. Hypothesis is the tan dog is being groomed on the table. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog. Hypothesis is the boy is walking the dog in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog. Hypothesis is the woman is holding a some clippers in her hand. The label is neutral.
Premise is oh yea these suckers cant catch me. Hypothesis is dog running down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is oh yea these suckers cant catch me. Hypothesis is man watching television. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are a group of track runners bracing to take off. Hypothesis is the track runners are all black ethniticity The label is neutral.
Premise is there are a group of track runners bracing to take off. Hypothesis is the track runners are competiting to win the race The label is neutral.
Premise is there are a group of track runners bracing to take off. Hypothesis is the  track runners are sitting on an airplane The label is contradiction.
Premise is two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard. Hypothesis is the two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard. Hypothesis is two guys sit on the side of a billboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water. Hypothesis is the woman is relaxing in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water. Hypothesis is the woman is in the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track. Hypothesis is the dog is not wearing a muzzle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track. Hypothesis is the dog is running. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track. Hypothesis is the dog is racing other dogs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a chicago white sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt. Hypothesis is the man the baseball is taking his son to a baseball game today. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a chicago white sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt. Hypothesis is a man and a boy are riding scooters. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a chicago white sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt. Hypothesis is a man is wearing glasses and a baseball cap. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy learns how to ride a horse Hypothesis is a child sits on the animal's back. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy learns how to ride a horse Hypothesis is the ginger-haired kid holds the pony's reins. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy learns how to ride a horse Hypothesis is the child and his pet play on the bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building. Hypothesis is the man's shorts are red. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building. Hypothesis is there is only one person present. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line. Hypothesis is a runner want to head for the finish line. The label is entailment.
Premise is a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line. Hypothesis is a runner give up before heading to the finish line. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line. Hypothesis is a runner in a competition want to go to the finish line. The label is entailment.
Premise is shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films. Hypothesis is a skater is being photographed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films. Hypothesis is a cyclist is being filmed. The label is entailment.
Premise is shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films. Hypothesis is a cyclist is performing for a new sports show. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture. Hypothesis is a group of students are listening. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture. Hypothesis is some students are attending a class. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture. Hypothesis is students are at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall. Hypothesis is a man is holding a stone in front of a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall. Hypothesis is the man is a sculptor. The label is neutral.
Premise is a sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall. Hypothesis is the woman is holding a rock in front of a wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone. Hypothesis is  a young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white large phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone. Hypothesis is a man jumping off a ledge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone. Hypothesis is a man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm. The label is entailment.
Premise is the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers. Hypothesis is the ship nearly hits a cruiser. The label is neutral.
Premise is the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers. Hypothesis is the sailing ship is alone on the water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers. Hypothesis is there are many boats out. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing. Hypothesis is a man is scalping tickets to a seahawks game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing. Hypothesis is a man wearing a tuxedo is sitting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in neon green seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a football sweatshirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement. Hypothesis is a man stands by a wall outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement. Hypothesis is a man stands by a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people's shadows in front of him on the pavement. Hypothesis is a man sits on a wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture Hypothesis is there is a photographer taking a photo of a man indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture Hypothesis is there is a man standing outside having his photo taken by another person with a shadow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture Hypothesis is a woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit. Hypothesis is the two men are friends The label is neutral.
Premise is two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit. Hypothesis is the fire pit has been put out The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit. Hypothesis is two men standing next to each other The label is entailment.
Premise is an old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair. Hypothesis is a large human sitting. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair. Hypothesis is a human sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair. Hypothesis is nobody is sitting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a 'missing person' flier posted on it. Hypothesis is a man smokes a joint outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a 'missing person' flier posted on it. Hypothesis is a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it The label is entailment.
Premise is a man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a 'missing person' flier posted on it. Hypothesis is two girls sit and play in a waiting room The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers. Hypothesis is the runners are running towards the large buildings. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers. Hypothesis is the runners are competing in a marathon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers. Hypothesis is a group of mall walkers takes a smoke break. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk. Hypothesis is kids taking naps inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk. Hypothesis is kids playing at a park outside The label is neutral.
Premise is children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk. Hypothesis is kids playing outside The label is entailment.
Premise is boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow. Hypothesis is the boy is surrounded by snow The label is entailment.
Premise is boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow. Hypothesis is the girl pushes as hard as she can The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow. Hypothesis is the boy pushes as hard as he can The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background. Hypothesis is a man posed with his teammates in the background. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background. Hypothesis is a man posed with both arms out at a competition. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background. Hypothesis is a man posed at a baseball game. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning Hypothesis is there are people working. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning Hypothesis is some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning Hypothesis is a group of people are wind surfing over the dunes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five people are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air. Hypothesis is six people have an absolutely normal poker game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five people are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air. Hypothesis is a strange ritual is being performed. The label is neutral.
Premise is five people are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air. Hypothesis is five men are kneeling, while another man puts his hands into the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing. Hypothesis is men are in wetsuits The label is entailment.
Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing. Hypothesis is men are standing up The label is entailment.
Premise is various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing. Hypothesis is men are sleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face. Hypothesis is a man sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face. Hypothesis is a man is playing chess while wearing a green tutu. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face. Hypothesis is a man is taking a nap on a bench. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond. Hypothesis is a girl in shorts is fishing in a pond. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond. Hypothesis is a girl wearing a dress looks off a cliff. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond. Hypothesis is a girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store. Hypothesis is a young boy is hitting a pinata. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing with flour and sugar bags. The label is neutral.
Premise is a younger man dressed in tribal attire. Hypothesis is a young man wheres tribal clothes for a ceremony. The label is neutral.
Premise is a younger man dressed in tribal attire. Hypothesis is a young man wears clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a younger man dressed in tribal attire. Hypothesis is a young man wheres a tuxedo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape. Hypothesis is a group of people deepsea fishing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape. Hypothesis is a native american actor is about to re-inact a famous gunfight at a tourist ghosttown The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape. Hypothesis is a man walks down the street with other people around The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a native american costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street. Hypothesis is the feathers are colorful. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a native american costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street. Hypothesis is there is a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a native american costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street. Hypothesis is the costume is asian. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day. Hypothesis is the man in the plaid shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day. Hypothesis is the older gentleman wearing a plaid shirt and blue pants looks through the telescope. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day. Hypothesis is a old man in a plaid shirt buys apples at the market. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground. Hypothesis is the basket is woven. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground. Hypothesis is the men are sitting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground. Hypothesis is the men are brothers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background. Hypothesis is a naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background. Hypothesis is a woman is posing on a ski board with lava in the background. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background. Hypothesis is a man is posing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment. Hypothesis is he is making office calls. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment. Hypothesis is he is trying to get it working again. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down. Hypothesis is a black man is sitting on a couch at his house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down. Hypothesis is a black man is performing in a play. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down. Hypothesis is a black man is standing on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it. Hypothesis is a man riding his motorcycle off road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it. Hypothesis is a guy standed near the fence. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it. Hypothesis is a man standed near the fence to show the numbers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors. Hypothesis is three people on work break The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors. Hypothesis is dog chases 3 cats The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors. Hypothesis is three people talk The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building. Hypothesis is a group of people analyze art together The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building. Hypothesis is a group of people are looking at something The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building. Hypothesis is a group of people are at a rave The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim. Hypothesis is people walk by a train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim. Hypothesis is people at a train station. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim. Hypothesis is people jumping off of s sheer cliff. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach. Hypothesis is the girl is playing at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach. Hypothesis is the boy is playing at the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach. Hypothesis is the boy is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant. Hypothesis is people are eating in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant. Hypothesis is a lone person eats sadly at a truck-stop in the middle of nowhere. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant. Hypothesis is the people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off. Hypothesis is a horse is dead. The label is contradiction.
Premise is brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off. Hypothesis is a horse is near a man who is about to ride it. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music. Hypothesis is the man is a musician The label is entailment.
Premise is an older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music. Hypothesis is the man is 10 years old. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older balding man with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a sweater vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music. Hypothesis is the man has little hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes. Hypothesis is a boy is walking on a sidewalk, reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes. Hypothesis is a boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes, but doesn't have any money. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes. Hypothesis is a boy is looking at pastries. The label is entailment.
Premise is a silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead. Hypothesis is a kid is fast asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead. Hypothesis is the bowler who just rolled in the bright, noisy alley is hoping for a strike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead. Hypothesis is someone is in a bowling alley. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen. Hypothesis is two people cook together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen. Hypothesis is the people are cooking a dinner for valentine's day. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen. Hypothesis is two people eat chinese at a chinese buffet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike. Hypothesis is a man does a jump trick on his bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike. Hypothesis is a man crashes his bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike. Hypothesis is a man jumps his bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing. Hypothesis is two shabbily dressed women hold mics as they compete in a rap battle in front of a cheering crowd. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing. Hypothesis is a woman giving a seminar has her words recorded by her transcriber. The label is neutral.
Premise is women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing. Hypothesis is one woman speaking into a microphone while a second woman writes beside her. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting. Hypothesis is a human standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting. Hypothesis is nobody is standing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting. Hypothesis is a tall human standing The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe. Hypothesis is blonde woman drawing on a cafe window. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe. Hypothesis is woman waiting for a friend at a cafe. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe. Hypothesis is brunette woman sitting outside a cafe. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in reflective sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair. Hypothesis is the man is protecting his eyes with sunglasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in reflective sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair. Hypothesis is the man is a hippie. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in reflective sunglasses, a skull t-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair. Hypothesis is the man is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background. Hypothesis is children are running outside, competing in a race. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background. Hypothesis is children are having fun at tommy's birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background. Hypothesis is there is a group of people sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying. Hypothesis is worm crawling along sidewalk The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying. Hypothesis is flying black and white bird The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying. Hypothesis is bird flying outside against the sky The label is neutral.
Premise is we can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts. Hypothesis is people are looking at sexy underwear. The label is neutral.
Premise is we can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts. Hypothesis is people are not looking at underwear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is we can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts. Hypothesis is people are looking at underwear. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums. Hypothesis is a band is playing music. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums. Hypothesis is a string quartet is practicing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums. Hypothesis is a band plays salsa music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store. Hypothesis is a worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a restuarant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store. Hypothesis is a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store. Hypothesis is a worker is working in a restuarant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables Hypothesis is a man sells fresh corn on the side of the road. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables Hypothesis is a man wheels a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables Hypothesis is a man sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce. The label is entailment.
Premise is a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth. Hypothesis is a man eating popcorn The label is contradiction.
Premise is a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog catching a ball The label is entailment.
Premise is a red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift The label is neutral.
Premise is older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street. Hypothesis is older men eating dinner The label is neutral.
Premise is older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street. Hypothesis is older men sitting at a cafe The label is entailment.
Premise is older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street. Hypothesis is older men playing shuffle The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gas station and a car on fire. Hypothesis is a car sets a gas station on fire. The label is neutral.
Premise is a gas station and a car on fire. Hypothesis is two items on fire. The label is entailment.
Premise is a gas station and a car on fire. Hypothesis is a car is going through the car wash. The label is contradiction.
Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Hypothesis is someone is selling paintings. The label is entailment.
Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Hypothesis is someone is selling artwork. The label is entailment.
Premise is artist on street corner selling his artwork. Hypothesis is someone is begging for money. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent. Hypothesis is there is a fresh food market. The label is neutral.
Premise is this is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent. Hypothesis is vegetables are being sold under a white tent. The label is entailment.
Premise is this is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent. Hypothesis is people are eating fast food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep. Hypothesis is the people are pretending to sleep. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep. Hypothesis is the children are playing a bedtime game with their parents. The label is neutral.
Premise is three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep. Hypothesis is the three children and adults are sitting and watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing. Hypothesis is a girl is performing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing. Hypothesis is they are at a performance. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd gathered around a young man who is performing. Hypothesis is he is playing guitar for the crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are running in the grass by a hill. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are running in the grass by a hill. Hypothesis is the people are running outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are running in the grass by a hill. Hypothesis is an old man walks by himself through the city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book. Hypothesis is a woman is standing and looking at a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at a book. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book. Hypothesis is a woman is deciding whether or not to read a book. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting. Hypothesis is older man talking The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting. Hypothesis is older man is sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting. Hypothesis is grandpa is lecturing The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo. Hypothesis is the woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo. Hypothesis is two woman are petting a animal. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo. Hypothesis is the woman are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people enjoying food outside of a restaurant. Hypothesis is people tossing out their disgusting meals at a sketchy restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people enjoying food outside of a restaurant. Hypothesis is people eating stuff outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is people enjoying food outside of a restaurant. Hypothesis is some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for mother's day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars. Hypothesis is a man in shorts The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars. Hypothesis is the man is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars. Hypothesis is the man is a doctor The label is neutral.
Premise is a man a woman posing for a picture. Hypothesis is a man is taking a picture of a dog, while a woman watches. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man a woman posing for a picture. Hypothesis is two people are posing for a portrait. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man a woman posing for a picture. Hypothesis is a happy young couple are posing for a portrait. The label is neutral.
Premise is an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. Hypothesis is an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. Hypothesis is an extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd. Hypothesis is a man and woman dance alone The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd. Hypothesis is a couple dances among other people The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are dancing in the crowd. Hypothesis is a couple dance together at their wedding reception The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing and army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him. Hypothesis is there is a shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing and army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him. Hypothesis is the man is fat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing and army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him. Hypothesis is the shirt is a navy shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top. Hypothesis is a man walks his dog with a black leash. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top. Hypothesis is a dog on a red leash walking away. The label is entailment.
Premise is the backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top. Hypothesis is a dog on a red leash getting ready to go to the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience. Hypothesis is a man is riding his bike The label is entailment.
Premise is a man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience. Hypothesis is a man is showing a group of people perfect biking form The label is neutral.
Premise is a man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience. Hypothesis is a man is driving a blue vehicle The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree. Hypothesis is a man at the opening of a large tree The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree. Hypothesis is a man at the opening of a small bush The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree. Hypothesis is a man at the opening of a large tree in his yard The label is neutral.
Premise is an orange on the floor next to a dog. Hypothesis is the dog is a labrador retriever. The label is neutral.
Premise is an orange on the floor next to a dog. Hypothesis is there's a dog and an orange on the floor. The label is entailment.
Premise is an orange on the floor next to a dog. Hypothesis is the fruit next to the dog is an apple. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people. Hypothesis is there is a man riding a bicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a pijama. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people. Hypothesis is a cyclist is in a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap. Hypothesis is a duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap. Hypothesis is the game of golf being played. The label is entailment.
Premise is a golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap. Hypothesis is a drive off of the first tee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance. Hypothesis is a person is looking at something from afar. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance. Hypothesis is a girl is looking at the sky from far away. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance. Hypothesis is a girl sleeping on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of mountain climbers rests at the summit. Hypothesis is a group of climbers takes a break. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of mountain climbers rests at the summit. Hypothesis is a group of climbers celebrates at the top of everest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of mountain climbers rests at the summit. Hypothesis is a scuba diver runs out of air. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone. Hypothesis is a boy throwing a stone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone. Hypothesis is a boy with no shirt on throws rocks. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone. Hypothesis is a boy is at a baseball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature. Hypothesis is a man walking around in nature The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature. Hypothesis is a man walking around in nature because he's lost The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature. Hypothesis is a woman at the beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says 'real change'. Hypothesis is a woman on a street holding a newspaper that says 'real change' The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says 'real change'. Hypothesis is a woman holding a newspaper that says 'real change' The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman holds a newspaper that says 'real change'. Hypothesis is a woman with a newspaper that says 'real change' on the ground next to her The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table. Hypothesis is males are socializing with each other while wearing casual clothes. The label is entailment.
Premise is four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table. Hypothesis is the men are selling clothes in a sports store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table. Hypothesis is the men play baseball together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft. Hypothesis is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded large cliff-side rock The label is entailment.
Premise is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft. Hypothesis is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship The label is contradiction.
Premise is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft. Hypothesis is a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese. Hypothesis is he is chinese. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese. Hypothesis is he is walking on his hands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in chinese. Hypothesis is he is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them. Hypothesis is two people are walking in the snowy woods behind their home. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them. Hypothesis is two people are going for a stroll in the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them. Hypothesis is two people are soaking up the sun in the summer time. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Hypothesis is a boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Hypothesis is a boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Hypothesis is a person in a shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Hypothesis is a boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Hypothesis is nobody has a shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on. Hypothesis is a tall person in a shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain. Hypothesis is the man is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain. Hypothesis is the man is near another person. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street. Hypothesis is a vendor is selling loaves of bread to pedestrians. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street. Hypothesis is a person has food outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street. Hypothesis is a woman is baking bread in the oven. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman is ordering from a red food truck. Hypothesis is a young lady is ordering food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman is ordering from a red food truck. Hypothesis is the old man was walking with his cane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman is ordering from a red food truck. Hypothesis is a young lady is ordering from a food truck. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman carrying a bucket of flowers. Hypothesis is a bucket of flowers is carried by a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman carrying a bucket of flowers. Hypothesis is a woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman carrying a bucket of flowers. Hypothesis is a dog carrying a basket of food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat. Hypothesis is the man is in a jeep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat. Hypothesis is the man is asleep. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat. Hypothesis is the man is outside on a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is three kids perform a skit about camping. Hypothesis is three kids performed a camping skit. The label is entailment.
Premise is three kids perform a skit about camping. Hypothesis is three boys performed a skit. The label is neutral.
Premise is three kids perform a skit about camping. Hypothesis is five adults went camping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the small child is sitting in a red playground swing. Hypothesis is the child is in a playground. The label is entailment.
Premise is the small child is sitting in a red playground swing. Hypothesis is a father and child playing together. The label is neutral.
Premise is the small child is sitting in a red playground swing. Hypothesis is the child is crawling in the sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background. Hypothesis is a group of people are planning something. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background. Hypothesis is a group of people are kicking each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background. Hypothesis is a group of people are standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van. Hypothesis is two cars were in an accident. The label is entailment.
Premise is an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van. Hypothesis is the gray van had smashed the green sedan's bumper off. The label is neutral.
Premise is an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van. Hypothesis is two cars waited patiently for the light to turn green. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting. Hypothesis is women are visiting. The label is neutral.
Premise is women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting. Hypothesis is women are chatting in a restaurant. The label is entailment.
Premise is women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting. Hypothesis is women are knitting scarves for the homeless. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs. Hypothesis is a funny person standing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs. Hypothesis is nobody is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs. Hypothesis is a human standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him. Hypothesis is some men are hungry. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him. Hypothesis is friends are preparing a meal. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him. Hypothesis is two men are reading books. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront. Hypothesis is a couple on a date lay next to each other in a park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront. Hypothesis is two people are lying outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront. Hypothesis is two people are playing with a frisbee at a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man pulling items on a cart. Hypothesis is a man is taking things that he bought at the store home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man pulling items on a cart. Hypothesis is a man is pushing a baby carriage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man pulling items on a cart. Hypothesis is a man is moving items in a cart. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs. Hypothesis is two girls are somewhere cold. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs. Hypothesis is the two girls have no arms. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs. Hypothesis is the snowballs are from fresh snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways. Hypothesis is a woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways. Hypothesis is a male uses paint to stencil words on  a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways. Hypothesis is a guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it's on the ground. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing. Hypothesis is the people are crying in their sleep The label is contradiction.
Premise is one man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing. Hypothesis is the people are laughing The label is entailment.
Premise is one man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing. Hypothesis is the people are a couple The label is neutral.
Premise is a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat. Hypothesis is she is listening to music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat. Hypothesis is she is playing soccer in a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat. Hypothesis is a girl is inside a vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun. Hypothesis is a man is sitting in his basement. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun. Hypothesis is a man is signaling the start of a race. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun. Hypothesis is a man is shooting a gun. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar. Hypothesis is the band sets up their instruments. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar. Hypothesis is the bearded man plays a song and sings along. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar. Hypothesis is a musician plays on his instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something. Hypothesis is the guy kicked something The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something. Hypothesis is the guy kicked his hat The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something. Hypothesis is the dog ate a spoon The label is contradiction.
Premise is person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water. Hypothesis is a person is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water. Hypothesis is a person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage. The label is entailment.
Premise is person with umbrella observes flooded streets with cars in the water. Hypothesis is a person is standing in a grassy field in the sun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks. Hypothesis is a young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding his bicycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks. Hypothesis is a young man is flying a drone at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young man is trying to balance on the train tracks. Hypothesis is a young man is trying to balance. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a snowsuit is skiing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside. Hypothesis is a man is working outside wearing no shirt because it's hot outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside. Hypothesis is a topless man is working outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl listens to a cellphone. Hypothesis is she is talking to her dad on her phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl listens to a cellphone. Hypothesis is the girl is very old. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl listens to a cellphone. Hypothesis is there is a little girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual. Hypothesis is the bride hugs the other person. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual. Hypothesis is the president takes the oath of office. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual. Hypothesis is the newly married couple kiss. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window. Hypothesis is three people are leading a parade. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window. Hypothesis is two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window. Hypothesis is three people are on a parade float. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer. Hypothesis is a man is showing off his prize winning mule. The label is entailment.
Premise is four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform. Hypothesis is there has been an accident The label is neutral.
Premise is four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform. Hypothesis is the men are working The label is entailment.
Premise is four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform. Hypothesis is there are 6 men in priest robes The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor. Hypothesis is a child is in a baby carrier. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor. Hypothesis is a child sleeps in a crib. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor. Hypothesis is the child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon. The label is neutral.
Premise is two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag. Hypothesis is two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag. The label is neutral.
Premise is two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag. Hypothesis is two boys are walking together carrying a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag. Hypothesis is two boys are sleeping beside the garbage bag. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in an orange shirt reaching up. Hypothesis is a person is reaching up. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in an orange shirt reaching up. Hypothesis is a person is sitting in a chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in an orange shirt reaching up. Hypothesis is a person is reaching up to grab something. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl. Hypothesis is the couple are hispanic. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl. Hypothesis is the couple are on a bus. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl. Hypothesis is the couple are in their parent's car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals. Hypothesis is a lady in a dress is trying to sell her yarn animals. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals. Hypothesis is a man in a dress has a bag of wooden toys. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals. Hypothesis is a lady in a dress has a container of yarn toys. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together. Hypothesis is some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together. Hypothesis is people are walking on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together. Hypothesis is a man in a red shirt is reading at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large crowd is standing around the start line. Hypothesis is a lot of people are in a race The label is entailment.
Premise is a large crowd is standing around the start line. Hypothesis is people are crossing a finish line The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large crowd is standing around the start line. Hypothesis is people are getting ready to run The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city. Hypothesis is a man is holding a mop on a roof. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city. Hypothesis is a man is jumping off a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city. Hypothesis is a man is not happy about having to clean the roof. The label is neutral.
Premise is the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is there are a lot of birds outside by the sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is there is a little boy standing on the sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine. Hypothesis is gymnast group preparing for a competition. The label is entailment.
Premise is four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine. Hypothesis is gymnasts wearing matching leotards practicing. The label is entailment.
Premise is four young female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine. Hypothesis is band performs onstage to an empty room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing. Hypothesis is the woman is laughing at a joke. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing colorful clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing. Hypothesis is the woman is not laughing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people riding their bikes down a street together. Hypothesis is folks riding bikes. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people riding their bikes down a street together. Hypothesis is a couple gets married at the courthouse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people riding their bikes down a street together. Hypothesis is a couple ride their bikes on a date. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street. Hypothesis is there are people outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street. Hypothesis is people on a double date in the city. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street. Hypothesis is people eating lunch together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it. Hypothesis is the military veteran had entered an art contest and won first place! The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it. Hypothesis is the man, wearing scuba gear, jumps off the side of the boat into the ocean below. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it. Hypothesis is there is one man in the picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus. Hypothesis is a group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus. Hypothesis is a group of people on a bus are sightseeing. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus. Hypothesis is five people jumped the bridge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a red planet hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera. Hypothesis is the bus is going to celebrity houses. The label is neutral.
Premise is a red planet hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera. Hypothesis is there is a bus carrying a lot of people on it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a red planet hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera. Hypothesis is there is a cat driving a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle. Hypothesis is a boy rides his bike The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle. Hypothesis is a girl runs down the street The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle. Hypothesis is a colorfully dressed child rides a bike The label is entailment.
Premise is families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel. Hypothesis is some people are outside The label is entailment.
Premise is families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel. Hypothesis is some families have babies. The label is neutral.
Premise is families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel. Hypothesis is families have some dogs in front of a carousel The label is contradiction.
Premise is two kids in blue wetsuits surf. Hypothesis is two children surf in the ocean. The label is entailment.
Premise is two kids in blue wetsuits surf. Hypothesis is two children build a sand castle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two kids in blue wetsuits surf. Hypothesis is two children surf. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the 'grilled cheese truck 'and the 'calbi' truck in focus. Hypothesis is there are many trucks The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the 'grilled cheese truck 'and the 'calbi' truck in focus. Hypothesis is a dog jumps The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a line of various trucks with advertising on the side parked by the side of the road, with the 'grilled cheese truck 'and the 'calbi' truck in focus. Hypothesis is there are many food trucks The label is entailment.
Premise is a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword. Hypothesis is a youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised. The label is neutral.
Premise is a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword. Hypothesis is a youth bikes by a mural. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword. Hypothesis is a youth skateboards by a mural. The label is entailment.
Premise is runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right. Hypothesis is runners see a dragon costumed person The label is entailment.
Premise is runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right. Hypothesis is runners are sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right. Hypothesis is runners see something The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper. Hypothesis is a woman is inside The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper. Hypothesis is a woman is cleaning for her husban The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper. Hypothesis is a woman is at the beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape. Hypothesis is a man is standing in a desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape. Hypothesis is a man is outside in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape. Hypothesis is a man is about to throw a snowball at someone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon. Hypothesis is some of the people shown are related. The label is entailment.
Premise is a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon. Hypothesis is everyone here is playing some video games. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a family is taking part in a walk-a-thon. Hypothesis is the family is taking place in the event in memory of another family member. The label is neutral.
Premise is black dog running very fast. Hypothesis is a cat is running through a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is black dog running very fast. Hypothesis is a dog is running. The label is entailment.
Premise is black dog running very fast. Hypothesis is a dog is chasing a duck. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper. Hypothesis is the people are using their fingers to paint with. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper. Hypothesis is the people are making a welcome home sign. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper. Hypothesis is the people are using paint brushes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male teen is working on a school project. Hypothesis is a 16 year old doing homework. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male teen is working on a school project. Hypothesis is the boy sitting on top of his dads truck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male teen is working on a school project. Hypothesis is a teenager working on homework. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy works on a project in shop class. Hypothesis is the project is a large percentage over his overall grade in the class. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy works on a project in shop class. Hypothesis is the boy's project is for a school activity. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy works on a project in shop class. Hypothesis is the boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project. The label is contradiction.
Premise is chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers. Hypothesis is the chefs are making food for themselves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers. Hypothesis is chefs are making food for customers. The label is entailment.
Premise is chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers. Hypothesis is the customers are entertained while watching the chefs make the food. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art. Hypothesis is a black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art. Hypothesis is a bald black man is painting on a canvas with paint on a pick and hammer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art. Hypothesis is a black man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them. Hypothesis is inmates are cleaning up a beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them. Hypothesis is empty trash cans are sitting on a beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are walking on a beach. Hypothesis is there are people at the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are walking on a beach. Hypothesis is a few people are near the ocean The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are walking on a beach. Hypothesis is people are swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass. Hypothesis is two squirrels run after acorns in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass. Hypothesis is two dogs chase each other in the afternoon sun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass. Hypothesis is two dogs run in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand. Hypothesis is a man holds a comb on a box The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand. Hypothesis is someone in a plaid shirt sits on a box with something in hand The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand. Hypothesis is a man waits tables insdie The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group. Hypothesis is they are playing a game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group. Hypothesis is the boy is jumping over kids. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group. Hypothesis is the children are standing up crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field. Hypothesis is a few dogs are playing outsides. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field. Hypothesis is 3 dogs are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field. Hypothesis is one dog is timid to participate. The label is neutral.
Premise is five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic. Hypothesis is people are celebrating. The label is entailment.
Premise is five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic. Hypothesis is the people are family. The label is neutral.
Premise is five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic. Hypothesis is there are two people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of african americans getting ready to eat. Hypothesis is an outdoor concert at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of african americans getting ready to eat. Hypothesis is a few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of african americans getting ready to eat. Hypothesis is a few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass. Hypothesis is they are at the park The label is neutral.
Premise is group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass. Hypothesis is they are all playing checkers The label is neutral.
Premise is group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass. Hypothesis is the people are outside The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead. Hypothesis is a couple is writing a letter to their landlord. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead. Hypothesis is two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead. Hypothesis is two individuals are walking outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a young man drinking a beer The label is neutral.
Premise is the young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a young man smoking a cigar The label is neutral.
Premise is the young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a young man smoking a cigarette The label is entailment.
Premise is cheerleaders standing on a football field. Hypothesis is cheerleaders are standing on a bridge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is cheerleaders standing on a football field. Hypothesis is cheerleaders are wearing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is cheerleaders standing on a football field. Hypothesis is cheerleaders are practicing their routines. The label is neutral.
Premise is coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background. Hypothesis is a football coach talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd The label is entailment.
Premise is coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background. Hypothesis is a football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines The label is neutral.
Premise is coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background. Hypothesis is a football player is climbing into the stands at a game The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk. Hypothesis is a man has a beer with him. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk. Hypothesis is he is drinking to fall asleep. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk. Hypothesis is a woman has a beer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun. Hypothesis is a young woman is sitting down The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun. Hypothesis is the young woman is enjoying the sun The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun. Hypothesis is the young woman is sitting on a bench in the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts. Hypothesis is a blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts. Hypothesis is a brunette woman sits on a sofa. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts. Hypothesis is a blonde woman sits on a bench. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert. Hypothesis is a brazilian woman carries groceries home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert. Hypothesis is a woman walks outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with portuguese posters advertising a concert. Hypothesis is a norwegian man carries groceries home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event. Hypothesis is a cheerleader passes out shirts The label is entailment.
Premise is a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event. Hypothesis is a player passes out hotdogs The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event. Hypothesis is a cheerleader passes out team shirts The label is neutral.
Premise is crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people. Hypothesis is players pass out footballs to the crowd The label is contradiction.
Premise is crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people. Hypothesis is cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts The label is entailment.
Premise is crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people. Hypothesis is cheerleaders pass out new t shirts to the opposing team The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog races through a field. Hypothesis is a dog is barking out of the window. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog races through a field. Hypothesis is a brown dog is racing another dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog races through a field. Hypothesis is a dog is racing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it. Hypothesis is a pet is sleeping by the fireplace. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it. Hypothesis is there is a dog outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it. Hypothesis is a dog is running back home. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow. Hypothesis is an old indian man is sleep The label is entailment.
Premise is an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow. Hypothesis is an old indian man is dressed up The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old indian man dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow. Hypothesis is an old indian man is running on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder. Hypothesis is nobody is carrying anything The label is contradiction.
Premise is a vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder. Hypothesis is a person in a top The label is entailment.
Premise is a vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder. Hypothesis is a tall person carrying stuff The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. Hypothesis is two girls are getting ready to ride horses. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. Hypothesis is a horse is eating a banana. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls feeding a horse an apple. Hypothesis is two girls are near an animal. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing cricket Hypothesis is someone plays a game The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing cricket Hypothesis is a woman plays polo The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing cricket Hypothesis is an indian man plays cricket The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting. Hypothesis is the man is sweating from his run. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting. Hypothesis is a man is outside on the streets. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting. Hypothesis is a man is running on a sidewalk with no painting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team. Hypothesis is the basketball player is stretching on the sidelines. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team. Hypothesis is the player is one of the best in the league. The label is neutral.
Premise is a basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team. Hypothesis is a basketball player is playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is one man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water. Hypothesis is two people are about to be in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is one man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water. Hypothesis is a husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a freezing river. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water. Hypothesis is two people are in a helicopter, high above the sahara desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb. Hypothesis is the bird is in the air. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb. Hypothesis is the bird is on the ground. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb. Hypothesis is the bird is having trouble flying. The label is neutral.
Premise is a rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents. Hypothesis is some people are playing rugby. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents. Hypothesis is someone is playing hockey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her. Hypothesis is a person carrying a bag with a girl behind her The label is entailment.
Premise is a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her. Hypothesis is a woman carrying a bag, with a girl behind her The label is neutral.
Premise is a person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her. Hypothesis is a woman carrying a girl, with a bag behind her The label is contradiction.
Premise is a clown performs in a park among other people. Hypothesis is a killer seeks prey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a clown performs in a park among other people. Hypothesis is inside the closet is dark. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman. Hypothesis is a man in a costume speaking to another man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman. Hypothesis is a dark headed man in a suit speaking to a seated woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman. Hypothesis is a man speaking to a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill. Hypothesis is a young boy is grilling vegetables. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill. Hypothesis is a young boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill. Hypothesis is a young boy is grilling steak. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is making a phone call. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping on a cot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is making a phone call. Hypothesis is a man is calling his wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is making a phone call. Hypothesis is a man is on the phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a man. Hypothesis is a female is near a male. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a man. Hypothesis is the crowd is watching a parade. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture of a man. Hypothesis is the wife is taking a photo of her husband. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field. Hypothesis is the man is hiding from his friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field. Hypothesis is the man is inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods. Hypothesis is a lady with an axe is standing in the middle of a crowded mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods. Hypothesis is a lady with an axe is posing in the middle of the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods. Hypothesis is a lady is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains. Hypothesis is people rock climb with rope. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains. Hypothesis is people sit on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains. Hypothesis is some people go on an adventure. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman lowering ballast on a boat. Hypothesis is the woman is adjusting the boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman lowering ballast on a boat. Hypothesis is the woman is on an airplane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman lowering ballast on a boat. Hypothesis is the captain of the boat is preparing for rough waters. The label is neutral.
Premise is two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope. Hypothesis is two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope. Hypothesis is two people are hiking with backpacks up a snowy slope. The label is entailment.
Premise is two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope. Hypothesis is two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snowy slope. The label is neutral.
Premise is two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain. Hypothesis is two mountaineers walking on a mountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain. Hypothesis is two mountaineers in a race across a mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain. Hypothesis is two mountaineers sitting at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign. Hypothesis is a white man is painting his house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign. Hypothesis is a person is painting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign. Hypothesis is a black man is painting a protest sign. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall. Hypothesis is a man poses for a picture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall. Hypothesis is a person is in front of a brick wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall. Hypothesis is a hairy person naps. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left. Hypothesis is there are people outside The label is entailment.
Premise is man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left. Hypothesis is the man and woman are married. The label is neutral.
Premise is man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left. Hypothesis is the woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man is playing a blue guitar. Hypothesis is an old man plays the violin to a group of people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man is playing a blue guitar. Hypothesis is a musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man is playing a blue guitar. Hypothesis is the man is playing the guitar. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse. Hypothesis is a man is riding a mammoth. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse. Hypothesis is a man is riding a brown horse while protecting his head with a helmet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse. Hypothesis is a man is practicing for a horse race. The label is neutral.
Premise is people waiting in line in a snowstorm. Hypothesis is people are waiting in a line during a scorching drought. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people waiting in line in a snowstorm. Hypothesis is people are in a snowstorm. The label is entailment.
Premise is people waiting in line in a snowstorm. Hypothesis is people are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with The label is neutral.
Premise is xylophonists play in a dark setting. Hypothesis is someone who plays a xylophone The label is entailment.
Premise is xylophonists play in a dark setting. Hypothesis is some people walking on the road The label is contradiction.
Premise is xylophonists play in a dark setting. Hypothesis is xylophone is played by someone The label is entailment.
Premise is athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight. Hypothesis is the men are wearing black pants. The label is entailment.
Premise is athletic men in matching black pants performing under the spotlight. Hypothesis is a group of girls talk and laugh outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man. Hypothesis is a man and a small multicolored dog are in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man. Hypothesis is a man forces his cat to learn how to use a diving board. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man. Hypothesis is a man teaches his puppy how to swim. The label is entailment.
Premise is children nap on a floor while others stand by. Hypothesis is children are playing childish games while others stand by. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children nap on a floor while others stand by. Hypothesis is children are napping on a floor. The label is entailment.
Premise is children nap on a floor while others stand by. Hypothesis is children are napping on a floor inside a pre school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray. Hypothesis is a woman is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray. Hypothesis is a woman wearing white and black grips a steering wheel with both hands as she evades the police. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray. Hypothesis is a woman is carrying a serving tray. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background. Hypothesis is the girl plays soccer with some friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background. Hypothesis is the soccer ball is chasing the girl. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background. Hypothesis is their is a girl playing soccer in a field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog is running through a marsh-like area. Hypothesis is a dog is running through a marshy area. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog is running through a marsh-like area. Hypothesis is a dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black dog is running through a marsh-like area. Hypothesis is a yellow dog is chasing a rabbit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are boxing in fighting arena. Hypothesis is two women are fighting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are boxing in fighting arena. Hypothesis is two men are boxing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are boxing in fighting arena. Hypothesis is two men are punching eachother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike. Hypothesis is a guy looks upon a collision between motorboats. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike. Hypothesis is a guy looks upon a collision between two hondas and a schwinn. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike. Hypothesis is a guy looks upon a collision between vehicles. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man tests model airplanes in an open field. Hypothesis is a man is mowing his lawn. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man tests model airplanes in an open field. Hypothesis is a man is standing and testing model airplanes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man tests model airplanes in an open field. Hypothesis is a man is testing model airplanes. The label is entailment.
Premise is three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game. Hypothesis is three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium. The label is neutral.
Premise is three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game. Hypothesis is three men in blue block a soccer ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game. Hypothesis is three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond. Hypothesis is the boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond. Hypothesis is people watch ducks in a pond. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond. Hypothesis is the man and his son stand at the edge of a pond. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in. Hypothesis is a boy holds some flashcards in his hands The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in. Hypothesis is a boy watches tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in. Hypothesis is a boy punches his new flashcards from the carboard they came i. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle. Hypothesis is the flowers are lilacs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing dark clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle. Hypothesis is the woman is old. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall. Hypothesis is two men are late for work. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall. Hypothesis is some mechanics at work. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall. Hypothesis is some men work on a machine on a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is people shopping at an outside market Hypothesis is people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people shopping at an outside market Hypothesis is people walk around an inside mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people shopping at an outside market Hypothesis is people are enjoying the sunny day at the market. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is outside on the beach walking his dog. Hypothesis is the man and his dog are taking a boat ride. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is outside on the beach walking his dog. Hypothesis is there is sand in the ground. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is outside on the beach walking his dog. Hypothesis is the man is at the beach fishing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground. Hypothesis is a group of adults and kids. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground. Hypothesis is a woman drinks moonshine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground. Hypothesis is the coaches give the team last minute directions. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches. Hypothesis is there is a busy intersection with a homeless man on the ground. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches. Hypothesis is a child is upset and crying on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches. Hypothesis is someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street. Hypothesis is a man is prone on the street while another man stands next to him. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street. Hypothesis is a man calls 911 after another man is hit by a car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street. Hypothesis is two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in black pants doing exercises. Hypothesis is a girl moving her muscles to get exercise in. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in black pants doing exercises. Hypothesis is a girl trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in black pants doing exercises. Hypothesis is two guys lifting oranges to build up muscles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company. Hypothesis is a family is enjoying a night at home. The label is entailment.
Premise is family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company. Hypothesis is a family is sitting together inside a house. The label is neutral.
Premise is family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company. Hypothesis is a family is out to eat at a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open. Hypothesis is a boy riding a roller-coaster The label is entailment.
Premise is the blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open. Hypothesis is a woman is riding a roller-coaster The label is contradiction.
Premise is the blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open. Hypothesis is a little boy is riding a roller-coaster The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him. Hypothesis is there is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him. Hypothesis is a man is taking a picture in the rain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him. Hypothesis is a man is taking a picture outdoors while a woman walks behind him. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men stand near a piece of large machinery. Hypothesis is the men are operating a machine The label is neutral.
Premise is two men stand near a piece of large machinery. Hypothesis is two men are having sex The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men stand near a piece of large machinery. Hypothesis is the machinery is very large The label is entailment.
Premise is two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic. Hypothesis is two men cut some plastic. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic. Hypothesis is two friends help each other by cutting some plastic. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic. Hypothesis is two friends drink beer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting beside a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke. Hypothesis is a woman is swimming. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke. Hypothesis is a woman is practicing her swimming technique. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls aboard an amusement park ride. Hypothesis is two girls ride an amusement park ride. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls aboard an amusement park ride. Hypothesis is the two girls are nervous about riding the park ride. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls aboard an amusement park ride. Hypothesis is two girls play jump rope in the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter. Hypothesis is a woman is standing by a fire pit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter. Hypothesis is a woman older than thirty is outside in winter. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in winter. Hypothesis is a woman is exploring containers for something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush. Hypothesis is the woman is holding a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush. Hypothesis is the woman is photographing a wedding. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush. Hypothesis is the woman is a professional photographer. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys in running clothes stretching. Hypothesis is the boys are stretching. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys in running clothes stretching. Hypothesis is the boys are stretching before doing gymnastics. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys in running clothes stretching. Hypothesis is the boys are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines. Hypothesis is three college women are studing. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines. Hypothesis is three woman are watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines. Hypothesis is three women are reading and writing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot. Hypothesis is a soccer player kicks and scores a goal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot. Hypothesis is a soccer player is walking to his car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot. Hypothesis is there is a field with a parking lot. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine. Hypothesis is the man is homeless. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine. Hypothesis is there is a bald man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine. Hypothesis is the man is watching t.v. The label is neutral.
Premise is three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background. Hypothesis is the children are less than 20 yrs old. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background. Hypothesis is the two boys and one girl are limbless. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background. Hypothesis is the three children are related to each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head. Hypothesis is a man is sound checking his guitar in the back room before a gig. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head. Hypothesis is a microphone is near the stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head. Hypothesis is a rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone. The label is neutral.
Premise is expert snowboard is trying a new trick. Hypothesis is the person is snowboarding on top of a mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is expert snowboard is trying a new trick. Hypothesis is the person is surfing on the water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is expert snowboard is trying a new trick. Hypothesis is the person is snowboarding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboarder does a trick in midair. Hypothesis is a person skate boarding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboarder does a trick in midair. Hypothesis is a roller skater doing a back flip. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skateboarder does a trick in midair. Hypothesis is a skateboarder doing a kick flip midair. The label is neutral.
Premise is young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot. Hypothesis is a young person in white next to an older person. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot. Hypothesis is a young person is standing next to a relative. The label is neutral.
Premise is young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot. Hypothesis is a young person in black next to an older person. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal. Hypothesis is two young boys show prints of a line drawing of inanimate objects. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal. Hypothesis is girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid's drawing competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal. Hypothesis is there are young girls showing animal drawings. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book. Hypothesis is two women are reading, one has a magazine, while the other has a book. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book. Hypothesis is two women are in the library reading. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book. Hypothesis is two women are cooking, one has steak, while the other has burgers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit. Hypothesis is a young girl is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit. Hypothesis is a young girl is sitting in her chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit. Hypothesis is a young girl is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross. Hypothesis is a woman is holding her bag and talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross. Hypothesis is a man yells at the television for no reason. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross. Hypothesis is a woman holding a bag, and talking on her cellphone, is standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross. The label is entailment.
Premise is blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads 'twizzlers' and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck. Hypothesis is two men pose in suits The label is contradiction.
Premise is blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads 'twizzlers' and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck. Hypothesis is a girl looks stylish for the camera The label is neutral.
Premise is blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads 'twizzlers' and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck. Hypothesis is a girl with a helmet wears a dog tag The label is entailment.
Premise is firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. Hypothesis is tall firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. The label is neutral.
Premise is firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. Hypothesis is policemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. The label is contradiction.
Premise is firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. Hypothesis is people stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on. The label is entailment.
Premise is this man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow. Hypothesis is a man is getting ready to shovel the snow so he can park his car. The label is neutral.
Premise is this man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow. Hypothesis is a man is outside in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is this man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow. Hypothesis is a man is standing on a large field of lava. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd watching a skateboarder. Hypothesis is a person is skateboarding The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd watching a skateboarder. Hypothesis is a cow is eating grass The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd watching a skateboarder. Hypothesis is a crowd is loudly cheering as the skateboarder does a 900 The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a briefcase on a subway. Hypothesis is a man holds a briefcase. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man holding a briefcase on a subway. Hypothesis is a man is going to work on a subway. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a briefcase on a subway. Hypothesis is a man is standing in the middle of a field with a briefcase. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree. Hypothesis is a young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree. Hypothesis is a female child, with no shoes but a helmet on,  walks on top of a tree that has fallen down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree. Hypothesis is the child wearing sneakers skips down a forest path. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water. Hypothesis is a girl might fall off a tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water. Hypothesis is a girl doesn't like balancing on a tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water. Hypothesis is a girl is playing on a tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa. Hypothesis is the boy is jumping up The label is entailment.
Premise is the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa. Hypothesis is the boy is sitting on the couch The label is contradiction.
Premise is the boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa. Hypothesis is the boy is bouncing on the sofa The label is neutral.
Premise is two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods. Hypothesis is some children in the forest pass by a plastic triceratops. The label is neutral.
Premise is two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods. Hypothesis is children are being chased by a velociraptor. The label is neutral.
Premise is two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods. Hypothesis is young people are running outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum. Hypothesis is a trumpeter practices for an orchestra. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum. Hypothesis is a drummer playing on drums. The label is entailment.
Premise is a drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum. Hypothesis is a drummer practicing for a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue. Hypothesis is the team wearing white is winning the game. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue. Hypothesis is a woman wearing red plays hockey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue. Hypothesis is two men are engaging in a sporting activity. The label is entailment.
Premise is two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths. Hypothesis is two twin pups holding onto the same bone. The label is neutral.
Premise is two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths. Hypothesis is a litter of kittens. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths. Hypothesis is two litter brothers fight over a bone. The label is neutral.
Premise is five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table. Hypothesis is the boys are working on an art project. The label is neutral.
Premise is five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table. Hypothesis is the boys are wearing red shirts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table. Hypothesis is there are children wearing blue. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera. Hypothesis is a man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera. Hypothesis is a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others The label is neutral.
Premise is man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle. Hypothesis is man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle. Hypothesis is man doing a trick riding his bicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle. Hypothesis is the man attending a meeting in his office. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls playing catch on a lawn Hypothesis is children playing a game on green grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls playing catch on a lawn Hypothesis is sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls playing catch on a lawn Hypothesis is two girls are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog. Hypothesis is a woman giving her dog a bath The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog. Hypothesis is a woman walking a dog The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog. Hypothesis is a woman walking her dog before leaving to work The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are ice skating in a big city. Hypothesis is the people are outside skating. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are ice skating in a big city. Hypothesis is the people are sleeping in the train station. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are ice skating in a big city. Hypothesis is the people are falling down a lot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side. Hypothesis is a boy is near a waterfall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side. Hypothesis is a girl is near a frozen waterfall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl wearing a knit cap, gloves, winter jacket, snow pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall, with a metal pole by her side. Hypothesis is a young girl is by a waterfall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice. Hypothesis is a girl standing near ice. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice. Hypothesis is a girl is standing in a winter landscape. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman plays guitar for tips. Hypothesis is music can be learn by litsen The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman plays guitar for tips. Hypothesis is there is no way one can learn music The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman plays guitar for tips. Hypothesis is lessons are there to learn The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street Hypothesis is a mother and child walking up a street The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street Hypothesis is two adults on a street The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street Hypothesis is two people wearing red outfits walking on a street The label is entailment.
Premise is security officer working outside. Hypothesis is a security officer is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is security officer working outside. Hypothesis is a security officer is dressed in a uniform. The label is neutral.
Premise is security officer working outside. Hypothesis is a security officer is in an office building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the cyclist rides on a wooded path. Hypothesis is the cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path The label is neutral.
Premise is the cyclist rides on a wooded path. Hypothesis is the cyclist rides alone on a wooded path The label is neutral.
Premise is the cyclist rides on a wooded path. Hypothesis is the cyclist rides with a companion on a wooded path The label is neutral.
Premise is african woman walking through field. Hypothesis is the brazilian woman is walking through the desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is african woman walking through field. Hypothesis is there is women navigating through the fields. The label is entailment.
Premise is african woman walking through field. Hypothesis is the african woman is looking for someone in the fields. The label is neutral.
Premise is an african person standing in a wheat field. Hypothesis is a person standing in a corn field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an african person standing in a wheat field. Hypothesis is a person standing in a wheat field. The label is entailment.
Premise is an african person standing in a wheat field. Hypothesis is a person standing in a wheat field of his boss. The label is neutral.
Premise is a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake Hypothesis is a wet golden retriever is in a lake. The label is entailment.
Premise is a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake Hypothesis is a whale is in the lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake Hypothesis is a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to find a ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building. Hypothesis is people are protesting outside of an abortion clinic The label is neutral.
Premise is many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building. Hypothesis is people sit and stand together by a building The label is entailment.
Premise is many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building. Hypothesis is people are throwing rocks at each other The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras. Hypothesis is the man has blue sunglasses. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras. Hypothesis is the man likes taking pictures. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras. Hypothesis is the man has two cameras. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar. Hypothesis is two women walk The label is entailment.
Premise is two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar. Hypothesis is a woman takes a bath The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar. Hypothesis is two women walk to work The label is neutral.
Premise is a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck. Hypothesis is a man's car broke down. The label is neutral.
Premise is a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck. Hypothesis is a man is snowboarding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks by a building at night. Hypothesis is a man is in the city. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walks by a building at night. Hypothesis is a man is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks by a building at night. Hypothesis is a man is sitting in the sun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff. Hypothesis is a person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff. Hypothesis is a person sitting on a rock cliff. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff. Hypothesis is a person was sitting on the road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards. Hypothesis is a man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards. Hypothesis is a man is all alone looking at postcards. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards. Hypothesis is a man with a boy and their white dog are looking at postcards. The label is entailment.
Premise is here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face. Hypothesis is the man is driving himself somewhere. The label is contradiction.
Premise is here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face. Hypothesis is the man doesn't want to be seen. The label is neutral.
Premise is here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face. Hypothesis is the man is going somewhere. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations. Hypothesis is foods are not stored in room by a man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations. Hypothesis is a man dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in dry place. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations. Hypothesis is it is food collection room as a donation. The label is entailment.
Premise is two children work together on a project at a table. Hypothesis is two kids are making a model. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children work together on a project at a table. Hypothesis is two children are doing something together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two children work together on a project at a table. Hypothesis is two kids play in a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices. Hypothesis is a man in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices. Hypothesis is a worker pulls up his long boots before climbing onto the flotation device. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices. Hypothesis is a man wearing work clothes and boots is working on a flotation device. The label is entailment.
Premise is a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market. Hypothesis is a person is on a boat fishing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market. Hypothesis is a person is working at a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market. Hypothesis is a person is slicing up a fish to sell. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar. Hypothesis is the guy with the afro is eating spinach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar. Hypothesis is the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar. Hypothesis is the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder. Hypothesis is the photographer is well dressed and carries a camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder. Hypothesis is the man with the stripped shirt is carrying a camera on his body. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder. Hypothesis is a man wearing a sweater is carrying a golf club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures. Hypothesis is young women are surfing in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures. Hypothesis is young women are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures. Hypothesis is a group of hikers pause for a break. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole. Hypothesis is a bird is wallowing on a pole. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole. Hypothesis is a bird is sleeping on a pole line. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole. Hypothesis is a bird is standing on a pole line. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress. Hypothesis is the people are dying of old age The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress. Hypothesis is they are at a wedding The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress. Hypothesis is the boy is wearing formal clothes The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car. Hypothesis is a giraffe is on a chair The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car. Hypothesis is a person is in a vehicle The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car. Hypothesis is a boy is homeless The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys in front of a soda machine. Hypothesis is two boys are at a machine. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys in front of a soda machine. Hypothesis is two boys are going to purchase sodas. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys in front of a soda machine. Hypothesis is two girls are in front of the snack machine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water. Hypothesis is people sit on a beach to tan. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water. Hypothesis is people don't like sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water. Hypothesis is people sit on a beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is man walking a small pug. Hypothesis is the man is walking a large pitbull. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man walking a small pug. Hypothesis is a man is near a dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is man walking a small pug. Hypothesis is the man is a mailman. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them. Hypothesis is two people are listening to the other person on the table speak. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them. Hypothesis is there are three women sitting on a table. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them. Hypothesis is three people standing on a table yelling and ignoring everyone else. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child hugs a birdhouse. Hypothesis is an insane child hugs a birdhouse. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child hugs a birdhouse. Hypothesis is there is a child and a birdhouse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child hugs a birdhouse. Hypothesis is a child has no arms. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young lady is giving the old man a hug. Hypothesis is the lady is giving the old man a hug. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young lady is giving the old man a hug. Hypothesis is the young sad lady is giving the old man a hug. The label is neutral.
Premise is the young lady is giving the old man a hug. Hypothesis is the young man is giving the old man a hug. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people posing for a camera Hypothesis is there are people making different poses. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people posing for a camera Hypothesis is the three people are all female. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people posing for a camera Hypothesis is three woman are shopping at the mall. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella. Hypothesis is a tall person in a blouse The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella. Hypothesis is nobody has a blouse The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella. Hypothesis is a person in a blouse The label is entailment.
Premise is man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. Hypothesis is a man is at a concert playing for a large crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. Hypothesis is a man is walking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar. Hypothesis is a man is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another. Hypothesis is a couple stands near some stairs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another. Hypothesis is a couple celebrates getting engaged. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another. Hypothesis is a couple sits on the stairs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street. Hypothesis is a man and woman just got engaged The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street. Hypothesis is a man is kissing a dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street. Hypothesis is a man is kissing a woman The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting. Hypothesis is a boy has a white balloon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting. Hypothesis is a boy has a yellow balloon. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting. Hypothesis is a boy has a light yellow balloon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table. Hypothesis is a woman sits silently. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table. Hypothesis is a woman has heard a joke. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table. Hypothesis is a woman is at a dinner table. The label is entailment.
Premise is walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky. Hypothesis is walkers inside the mall The label is contradiction.
Premise is walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky. Hypothesis is walkers under a blue sky near the beach The label is neutral.
Premise is walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky. Hypothesis is walkers under a blue sky The label is entailment.
Premise is a young african boy skipping rocks. Hypothesis is there's a young boy with rocks in hand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young african boy skipping rocks. Hypothesis is the area around the boy is completely dry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young african boy skipping rocks. Hypothesis is there is a rock currently skipping down a pond. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore Hypothesis is the dog is at home with his owner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore Hypothesis is the dog loves to be here. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore Hypothesis is the dog is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen. Hypothesis is the man is doing science. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a coat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a baseball uniform. The label is contradiction.
Premise is while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing. Hypothesis is two students jumping in a class. The label is entailment.
Premise is while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing. Hypothesis is a class of completely seated students. The label is contradiction.
Premise is while two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing. Hypothesis is two students disrupting class. The label is neutral.
Premise is a photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag. Hypothesis is the photo was of two men. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag. Hypothesis is there are two women in the photo The label is entailment.
Premise is a photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag. Hypothesis is the woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman's relative The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman runs on the beach. Hypothesis is a runner is working out on the sand. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman runs on the beach. Hypothesis is there is a person jogging by the shore. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman runs on the beach. Hypothesis is the old lady spends a good time relaxing on the lounge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is businessman walking as two arrows point to him. Hypothesis is a man is walking near an archery range. The label is neutral.
Premise is businessman walking as two arrows point to him. Hypothesis is there is a businessman is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is businessman walking as two arrows point to him. Hypothesis is a guy is jogging in a sweatsuit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog. Hypothesis is there are people outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog. Hypothesis is there is a black dog outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog. Hypothesis is there is a dog sleeping on the bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw. Hypothesis is a woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the staples center. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw. Hypothesis is a woman in a white and red basketball uniform. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw. Hypothesis is a woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man playing a game with a young girl. Hypothesis is the man and the young girl are having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is man playing a game with a young girl. Hypothesis is the man and young girl are talking to the moon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man playing a game with a young girl. Hypothesis is the man and young girl are playing hide and seek. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are playing together. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area. Hypothesis is people are playing a variation of baseball. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area. Hypothesis is two men are playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people playing badminton. Hypothesis is a man and a woman playing badminton. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people playing badminton. Hypothesis is two people playing basketball outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people playing badminton. Hypothesis is two people holding rackets. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. Hypothesis is two football players are talking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. Hypothesis is two ballerina are talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another. Hypothesis is two woman are talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man holds up a sign. Hypothesis is a man is working. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man holds up a sign. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man holds up a sign. Hypothesis is a man is holding a sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill. Hypothesis is people carrying bikes. The label is entailment.
Premise is several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill. Hypothesis is people carrying their bikes at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill. Hypothesis is bikers racing downhill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs. Hypothesis is a man in a purple suit is dumping a bucket of water over his head. The label is contradiction.
Premise is bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs. Hypothesis is a sideshow man in a black costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience. The label is entailment.
Premise is a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street. Hypothesis is the cart of water is for children. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street. Hypothesis is the cart of water is large. The label is entailment.
Premise is a cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street. Hypothesis is the cart is full of beer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center. Hypothesis is men using metal rods The label is entailment.
Premise is several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center. Hypothesis is men dont like their lunch The label is neutral.
Premise is several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center. Hypothesis is a bird flies The label is contradiction.
Premise is a helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road. Hypothesis is a man ridding his bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road. Hypothesis is the man doing a trick in the air. The label is neutral.
Premise is a helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road. Hypothesis is the man fell off his bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are riding their bikes down a road. Hypothesis is people have bikes. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are riding their bikes down a road. Hypothesis is people are having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are riding their bikes down a road. Hypothesis is no one is riding a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building. Hypothesis is the man is in a submarine The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building. Hypothesis is the man admires the craftsmanship The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building. Hypothesis is the arch is old The label is neutral.
Premise is two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie. Hypothesis is two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie. Hypothesis is two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say polotie. Hypothesis is two women look like police in similar jackets standing in the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean. Hypothesis is women cooking dinner The label is contradiction.
Premise is women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean. Hypothesis is women talking on the beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean. Hypothesis is women playing a sport The label is entailment.
Premise is there are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field. Hypothesis is two kids are in a field. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field. Hypothesis is the kids are playing soccer in the field with their dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field. Hypothesis is the kids are flying a kite. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman. Hypothesis is an older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman. Hypothesis is an older man sits on a bus and watches people riding motorcycles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising ironman. Hypothesis is an older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the ironman poster. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing. Hypothesis is the women are looking at a bouquet of flower The label is neutral.
Premise is two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing. Hypothesis is two women are looking The label is entailment.
Premise is two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing. Hypothesis is the women are hot The label is neutral.
Premise is a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark. Hypothesis is a man juggling balls. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark. Hypothesis is a man in a circus with flaming staff. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man juggles a flaming staff in the dark. Hypothesis is a man juggling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs. Hypothesis is the man enjoys dogs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs. Hypothesis is the man eats dog pie. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs. Hypothesis is a man is playing with dogs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in. Hypothesis is a soccer player tries to score a goal and the opposing team stops it. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in. Hypothesis is a soccer player scored a goal in an iternational championship game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in. Hypothesis is a soccer player scored a goal. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums. Hypothesis is a woman in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums. Hypothesis is a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums. Hypothesis is a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums during a concert The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink. Hypothesis is a woman is enjoying a beer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink. Hypothesis is a woman is standing by the food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting near food. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods. Hypothesis is a lady is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods. Hypothesis is the lady is holding a porcelain cup. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods. Hypothesis is there is a table next to a lady. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman taping a paper notice to a board. Hypothesis is a woman tacking a note to a door. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman taping a paper notice to a board. Hypothesis is a woman taping a job notice on a bulletin board. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman taping a paper notice to a board. Hypothesis is a woman taping something to a board. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sits on his throne behind the drums. Hypothesis is a king sits behind some drums. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sits on his throne behind the drums. Hypothesis is the queen of england sits behind some drums. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits on his throne behind the drums. Hypothesis is a man is behind some drums. The label is entailment.
Premise is a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore. Hypothesis is a boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store. The label is neutral.
Premise is a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore. Hypothesis is a child is chasing a rabbit in the yard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore. Hypothesis is a kid is interested in a toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd. Hypothesis is a hot air balloon is crashing down to earth. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd. Hypothesis is a hot air balloon is rising in to the sky. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd. Hypothesis is a hot air balloon is making a landing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a mother holds her newborn baby. Hypothesis is an asian mother holding her baby girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mother holds her newborn baby. Hypothesis is a father holding a ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mother holds her newborn baby. Hypothesis is a person holding a child. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road. Hypothesis is a child is chasing a car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road. Hypothesis is a boy is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road. Hypothesis is a boy sits in the road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries. Hypothesis is a man walking backwards The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries. Hypothesis is a wife taking groceries home to her family The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe's with a cart full of groceries. Hypothesis is a woman outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a trader joe's. Hypothesis is a woman is leaving trader joe's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a trader joe's. Hypothesis is a man is in a driveway washing his car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a trader joe's. Hypothesis is a woman is walking away from trader joe's with a full shopping cart. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building. Hypothesis is a worker searches a ruined building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building. Hypothesis is a survivor searches for a meal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building. Hypothesis is a rescue worker searches for survivors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a fireman searching for something using a flashlight. Hypothesis is a man is searching for survivors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a fireman searching for something using a flashlight. Hypothesis is an area is lit up by flashlight. The label is entailment.
Premise is a fireman searching for something using a flashlight. Hypothesis is a fireman is in the dark. The label is entailment.
Premise is a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight. Hypothesis is a fireman with an axe stands in a burning house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight. Hypothesis is a fireman with an axe looks at some debris. The label is entailment.
Premise is a fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight. Hypothesis is a fireman sits at his station. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike. Hypothesis is a man in a uniform is talking to another man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike. Hypothesis is a man in a police uniform is talking to another man. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike. Hypothesis is a man in a swimsuit is talking to another man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling. Hypothesis is the man has no arms. The label is neutral.
Premise is there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling. Hypothesis is the man is holding a stick. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling. Hypothesis is the man is killing a spider. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors. Hypothesis is a man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors. Hypothesis is the man is being served food under an umbrella. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors. Hypothesis is the man is inside the restaurant in a booth. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young children waving american flags for a soldier Hypothesis is children are burning flags in protest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young children waving american flags for a soldier Hypothesis is children are welcoming home soldiers The label is neutral.
Premise is young children waving american flags for a soldier Hypothesis is children are waving flags. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road. Hypothesis is a man driving a go kart, numbered 34, on a narrow dirt road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road. Hypothesis is a man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road. Hypothesis is a man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road in the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head. Hypothesis is the child's hands are on the man's head. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head. Hypothesis is a small child is standing by the man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head. Hypothesis is th small child is watching a performance. The label is neutral.
Premise is four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks. Hypothesis is grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks. Hypothesis is a group of people are playing in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks. Hypothesis is a group of kids slide down a water slide as their parents watch them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball. Hypothesis is a young man is standing on both feet barefooted. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball. Hypothesis is a child is standing on one foot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball. Hypothesis is a person in a black shirt is standing on one foot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her. Hypothesis is a woman is dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her. Hypothesis is a woman is reading a book in her house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her. Hypothesis is a woman is dancing to a mans guitar playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongebob in front of her. Hypothesis is one of the cartoon character is upset. The label is neutral.
Premise is several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongebob in front of her. Hypothesis is all of the cartoon characters are sleeping while standing up. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and spongebob in front of her. Hypothesis is there's a gathering of cartoon characters. The label is neutral.
Premise is people waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are feeding ducks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are crossing the street during a parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is people waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk. Hypothesis is people are waiting to cross the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is little girl blows bubbles in a public square. Hypothesis is a little girl is waiting for her parents. The label is neutral.
Premise is little girl blows bubbles in a public square. Hypothesis is little boy blows spit at people who walk by. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little girl blows bubbles in a public square. Hypothesis is little girls blows bubbles. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck. Hypothesis is an older gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck. Hypothesis is a human looks at the camera while building something. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck. Hypothesis is an older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard. Hypothesis is a boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard. Hypothesis is someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive. The label is neutral.
Premise is the young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard. Hypothesis is a guy is relaxing outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign. Hypothesis is the people are tourists. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign. Hypothesis is the people are taking a science test. The label is contradiction.
Premise is group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign. Hypothesis is the people are near a sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves. Hypothesis is two men without shirts are jumping in the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves. Hypothesis is a dog is sleeping in a home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves. Hypothesis is two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars. Hypothesis is an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars. Hypothesis is a boy played in the streets with his motorized car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars. Hypothesis is no boy is outside in the streets playing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat. Hypothesis is the small child is dressed in tank top and shorts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat. Hypothesis is the small child is dressed for winter. The label is entailment.
Premise is the small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat. Hypothesis is the small child is dressed in a parka. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog runs with a stick in his mouth. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth. Hypothesis is a dog barks at the wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water. Hypothesis is a man is exercising by water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water. Hypothesis is a man runs along a path. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water. Hypothesis is a man walks to the store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool Hypothesis is there are people in a pool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool Hypothesis is the girl is jumping to her father in the pool. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool Hypothesis is there is a a lot of people on a train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard. Hypothesis is a boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard. Hypothesis is a girl is picks up her skateboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard. Hypothesis is a boy is jumping his skateboard The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a small round table eating. Hypothesis is the people are enjoying a meal. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a small round table eating. Hypothesis is the people are dancing around the room in a conga line. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a small round table eating. Hypothesis is the group is discussing the next project for work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground. Hypothesis is a woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathroom after it has freshly snowed. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground. Hypothesis is a woman is with her dog outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground. Hypothesis is a woman and her cat are laying by the fireplace. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt. Hypothesis is two old friends catching up with each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt. Hypothesis is boxing match between two star fighters. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a middle-aged man in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt. Hypothesis is older man with green jacket conversing with another man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger. Hypothesis is a man argues with another who is making threatening jeastures The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger. Hypothesis is a man orders a mamosa for another man The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger. Hypothesis is a man argues with another who is raising his fist The label is entailment.
Premise is this woman is skiing down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is this woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is this woman is skiing down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is this woman is skiing down a grassy hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this woman is skiing down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is this woman is on a hill. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her. Hypothesis is a woman and two kids next to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her. Hypothesis is a mother is waiting for the bus with her kids. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her. Hypothesis is an adult and two children are on a rollercoaster. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches. Hypothesis is a person in face paint The label is entailment.
Premise is a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches. Hypothesis is a tall person in face paint The label is neutral.
Premise is a teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches. Hypothesis is nobody has face paint The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the 'cyclone.' Hypothesis is the group sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the 'cyclone.' Hypothesis is a group from the local 4-h club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the 'cyclone.' Hypothesis is a picture of people enjoying themselves at an amusement park. The label is entailment.
Premise is small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. Hypothesis is the girl is wearing pink color frok The label is entailment.
Premise is small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. Hypothesis is a girl is playing electronic drums The label is entailment.
Premise is small girl in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks. Hypothesis is the girl is playing cricket The label is contradiction.
Premise is a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path. Hypothesis is this man is an athlete. The label is neutral.
Premise is a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path. Hypothesis is the man is going to turn left at the green arrow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path. Hypothesis is this man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park. Hypothesis is a man and a dog are sitting on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park. Hypothesis is a man and a dog are at a park. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park. Hypothesis is a man and a dog are at a dog park. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back. Hypothesis is a woman is using a large umbrella. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back. Hypothesis is a woman is not using an umbrella. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young asian woman is using an umbrella, and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back. Hypothesis is a woman is using an umbrella. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping. Hypothesis is the vest is nice and warm. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a full sleeved jacket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a vest. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy making an 'oh!' face in front of a bay. Hypothesis is a boy is swimming in the bay. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy making an 'oh!' face in front of a bay. Hypothesis is a child is surprised by the ships. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy making an 'oh!' face in front of a bay. Hypothesis is a child is at the bay. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat. Hypothesis is the group is fighitng eachother The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat. Hypothesis is the group is going to buy something The label is neutral.
Premise is three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat. Hypothesis is three men adn a woman look at produce The label is entailment.
Premise is two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt. Hypothesis is two children are having fun together The label is neutral.
Premise is two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt. Hypothesis is two children are together The label is entailment.
Premise is two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt. Hypothesis is both of the children are sitting in dirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is the red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees. Hypothesis is a red motocross bike is being taken over a jump by a rider, while performing a trick. The label is neutral.
Premise is the red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees. Hypothesis is a rider is riding his motocross bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is the red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on his bicycle, waiting for the light to turn green. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera. Hypothesis is 3 smiling people on a boat The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera. Hypothesis is 3 boating people being video taped. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 people on plain boats smiling towards the camera. Hypothesis is 3 boating people being attacked by lions. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's. Hypothesis is the people are hungry. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's. Hypothesis is the crowd is playing hockey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald's. Hypothesis is there is a crowd outside the restaurant. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby. Hypothesis is a child enjoys summer vacation The label is neutral.
Premise is a child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby. Hypothesis is a cat sleeps on the couch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling. Hypothesis is the man is naked The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling. Hypothesis is a man is smiling The label is entailment.
Premise is a young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling. Hypothesis is the man is an agent The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside. Hypothesis is the man has performed this trick before. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside. Hypothesis is the skateboard has 8 wheels. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside. Hypothesis is the guy is a skateboarder. The label is entailment.
Premise is this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day. Hypothesis is timmy stares at the remains of jimmy hoffa The label is contradiction.
Premise is this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day. Hypothesis is young snowboarder sizing up their next jump The label is entailment.
Premise is this person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day. Hypothesis is ski season has now begun The label is neutral.
Premise is a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along. Hypothesis is the person is walking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along. Hypothesis is the person is running The label is entailment.
Premise is a person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along. Hypothesis is the person is old The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle. Hypothesis is the man is at the bank. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle. Hypothesis is the man is trying to add color to his sculpture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle. Hypothesis is the man is working on art. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other. Hypothesis is a man sitting and woman punching him the face. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other. Hypothesis is a man sitting and woman laying in his lap. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other. Hypothesis is a couple are preparing to be intimate. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man performing auto repair in front of a building. Hypothesis is the man is fixing a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man performing auto repair in front of a building. Hypothesis is the man is swimming in a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man performing auto repair in front of a building. Hypothesis is the man is a mechanic. The label is neutral.
Premise is people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them. Hypothesis is people on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them. Hypothesis is people walking through nature. The label is entailment.
Premise is people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them. Hypothesis is people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before sundown. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean. Hypothesis is a man is holding a snowboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean. Hypothesis is a man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean. Hypothesis is a man is holding a surfboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a water scene with a sunset in the background. Hypothesis is there is a water scene with a full moon in the back. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a water scene with a sunset in the background. Hypothesis is there is a young couple at the water scene. The label is neutral.
Premise is a water scene with a sunset in the background. Hypothesis is there is a water scene with the sunset in the back. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air. Hypothesis is a man is showing off for his friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air. Hypothesis is a man is performing a trick on a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air. Hypothesis is a woman is performing a speech for her workers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a wakeboarder. Hypothesis is a man watches surfing on television. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a wakeboarder. Hypothesis is a person with a wakeboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a wakeboarder. Hypothesis is a person rides on a wakeboard along the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt. Hypothesis is two people are going to kiss. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt. Hypothesis is a man and woman are on a date. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt. Hypothesis is two men are kissing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale. Hypothesis is two men work in a butchers shop, selling steak. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale. Hypothesis is a man sells fish from a stall in the fish market. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale. Hypothesis is two men work at a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach. Hypothesis is a teen is practicing his skateboard skills. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach. Hypothesis is there is a person skateboarding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach. Hypothesis is a leprechaun is skateboarding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court. Hypothesis is man coaches players The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court. Hypothesis is people excercise on court The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court. Hypothesis is man sleeps in bed The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground. Hypothesis is nobody is in orange The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground. Hypothesis is tall humans in orange The label is neutral.
Premise is four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground. Hypothesis is humans in orange The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children. Hypothesis is the woman is watching the children eat their lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children. Hypothesis is a woman wears a plaid jacket as she stands near children sitting at a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children. Hypothesis is a woman in a pink coat is watching children play a board game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away. Hypothesis is the batsman is on a different team than the others around the pitching mound. The label is entailment.
Premise is the baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away. Hypothesis is the baseball players threw soccer balls at the batsman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away. Hypothesis is the pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat. The label is neutral.
Premise is the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture. Hypothesis is a doctor prescribes some medicine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture. Hypothesis is a man covered in paint after a paintball fight takes a photo. The label is neutral.
Premise is the blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture. Hypothesis is a man covered in paint takes a photo. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder. Hypothesis is a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder. Hypothesis is a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder. Hypothesis is a man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is licking the sidewalk The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game. Hypothesis is two girls playing hopscotch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game. Hypothesis is two girls playing a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game. Hypothesis is two girls with short blonde hair playing a game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is group of asians recording some video. Hypothesis is a group of asians record a video. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of asians recording some video. Hypothesis is a group of asians record multiple videos. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community. Hypothesis is a woman holds her daughter. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community. Hypothesis is a woman holds a little girl. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community. Hypothesis is a man talks to another. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four people and a dog out in the woods. Hypothesis is there are animals outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people and a dog out in the woods. Hypothesis is some mammals want to live and the others don't want them to. The label is neutral.
Premise is four people and a dog out in the woods. Hypothesis is species of animals are indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods. Hypothesis is a little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods. Hypothesis is a little girl is standing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods. Hypothesis is a little girl is inside on her computer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street. Hypothesis is a man is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street. Hypothesis is a homeless man strolls through the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street. Hypothesis is a man is carrying a bunch of kittens. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a child painting a post. Hypothesis is the father and son are repairing the sign. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a child painting a post. Hypothesis is the two men are fighting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a child painting a post. Hypothesis is the boy and his father making the post look better. The label is entailment.
Premise is white dog high jumping over some pillows. Hypothesis is the dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat. The label is neutral.
Premise is white dog high jumping over some pillows. Hypothesis is the dog is jumping over pillows. The label is entailment.
Premise is white dog high jumping over some pillows. Hypothesis is the dog is laying down on the bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall. Hypothesis is the lady is talking on her phne The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall. Hypothesis is the men are headed to the movies The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall. Hypothesis is the lady is shpping The label is neutral.
Premise is a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a mask The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a mask The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar. Hypothesis is the man's mask is a clown face The label is neutral.
Premise is in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back. Hypothesis is the people are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back. Hypothesis is some people perform at a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back. Hypothesis is there are people making music. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee Hypothesis is the dog is going to catch a frisbee. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee Hypothesis is the dog is going to catch a baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee Hypothesis is the dog is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign. Hypothesis is a woman is yelling at a crowd and they cannot hear her because she has no microphone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign. Hypothesis is a woman is giving a speech about her beliefs while playing the drums. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign. Hypothesis is a woman is playing drums and speaking at the same time. The label is entailment.
Premise is these people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game. Hypothesis is there are people at a lacrosse game. The label is entailment.
Premise is these people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game. Hypothesis is there are men in suits sitting in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple walking their dog. Hypothesis is a couple and their dog are in their living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple walking their dog. Hypothesis is a couple is walking their dog to the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple walking their dog. Hypothesis is a dog is going for a walk. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees. Hypothesis is 3 men are running The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees. Hypothesis is 3 girls are resting The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall. Hypothesis is a small child is coming home from school The label is neutral.
Premise is a small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall. Hypothesis is a small child is walking on a road The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall. Hypothesis is a small child is boxing in the ring The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady looks surprised. Hypothesis is something happened that just surprised a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady looks surprised. Hypothesis is the woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady looks surprised. Hypothesis is a woman looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposed! The label is neutral.
Premise is man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building. Hypothesis is the man tore down the shed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building. Hypothesis is the man didn't know if he was a construction worker or carpenter. The label is neutral.
Premise is man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building. Hypothesis is the carpenter was almost finished. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground Hypothesis is a dog is playing in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground Hypothesis is the black dog has a red toy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room. Hypothesis is two men with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room. Hypothesis is two women are having coffee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room. Hypothesis is two men are in the living room. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears. Hypothesis is the jackets being worn are red. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears. Hypothesis is some men wearing red winter jackets are looking over a lake and listening to music. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears. Hypothesis is two women are staring at a mountain and neither has any headphones or jackets. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears. Hypothesis is some men wearing jackets are looking out over the water and one has earphones in. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears. Hypothesis is the man listening to music is listening to kanye west. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears. Hypothesis is the jackets are blue. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person standing next to an old dark building. Hypothesis is a woman running through a sunny field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person standing next to an old dark building. Hypothesis is a man standing next to a run down building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person standing next to an old dark building. Hypothesis is a person standing near a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day. Hypothesis is young people and a kid are walking in the forest. The label is entailment.
Premise is young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day. Hypothesis is the old folks were racing in their wheel chairs in the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young people and a kid are walking in the forest in a sunny day. Hypothesis is young people and a kid are walking on a sunny day. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces. Hypothesis is two men are mud wrestling. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces. Hypothesis is two men are surprised by the skunk near them. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces. Hypothesis is two men are shocked by what they see. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park. Hypothesis is children enjoy the last few moments in a park before a rainstorm. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park. Hypothesis is the children are playing on a slide. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park. Hypothesis is a girl is reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces. Hypothesis is a human is standing between two large objects. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces. Hypothesis is a person is sitting between two televisions. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces. Hypothesis is an old man is standing between two giant statues that look like tom hank's and will smith's faces. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside. Hypothesis is one girl running The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside. Hypothesis is two white girls running The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside. Hypothesis is two girls running The label is entailment.
Premise is two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day. Hypothesis is two girls with blonde hair are hiking. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day. Hypothesis is two girls are sunbathing on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day. Hypothesis is teenagers are hiking in the cold. The label is entailment.
Premise is a performance group is staged in one collective motion. Hypothesis is there's a performance group doing something together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a performance group is staged in one collective motion. Hypothesis is the group is separate from one another. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a performance group is staged in one collective motion. Hypothesis is the performance group is dancing. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other. Hypothesis is children laugh The label is entailment.
Premise is two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other. Hypothesis is children pranking each other The label is neutral.
Premise is two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other. Hypothesis is two children are riding in an airplane The label is contradiction.
Premise is a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling. Hypothesis is a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling. The label is neutral.
Premise is a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling. Hypothesis is a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a mud slide and frowning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling. Hypothesis is a child is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge. Hypothesis is the teams hate eachother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge. Hypothesis is a soccer game is being played. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge. Hypothesis is the boy is on the floor, writhing in agony. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean. Hypothesis is he is at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean. Hypothesis is it is sunny. The label is neutral.
Premise is man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean. Hypothesis is there are flying pigs too. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on. Hypothesis is the ref is watching the two men play soccer before he goes home The label is neutral.
Premise is two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on. Hypothesis is the ref is back flipping in the mud The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on. Hypothesis is the ref watches the two men in the scrimmage game The label is entailment.
Premise is at an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground. Hypothesis is workers preparing for a catered event, with several condiments lining the food table. The label is entailment.
Premise is at an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground. Hypothesis is workers assembling cell phones in a factory. The label is contradiction.
Premise is at an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground. Hypothesis is workers preparing for a chili cook-off. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on the sidewalk, waiting for his girlfriend to show up. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by. Hypothesis is a man is laying down on a park bench as people walk by. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by. Hypothesis is a man is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by. Hypothesis is there is treasure in the trench. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by. Hypothesis is there is a hole in the yard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by. Hypothesis is there is nobody near the trench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school Hypothesis is a man is performing for children for fun The label is neutral.
Premise is a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school Hypothesis is a woman is break dancing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school Hypothesis is a man is break dancing at a school The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display. Hypothesis is a woman has been shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display. Hypothesis is a woman walks through a store talking on her phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display. Hypothesis is a woman is walking through her bedroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child doing gymnastics Hypothesis is a child is doing gymnastics. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child doing gymnastics Hypothesis is a child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child doing gymnastics Hypothesis is the child is eating lunch at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone. Hypothesis is a little girl belts one out while playing the violin. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone. Hypothesis is a boy plays air guitar while lip syncing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone. Hypothesis is a talented child sings into a mic and plays an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are playing in the snow outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet. Hypothesis is an old woman and a young man are crossing the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are jumping in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round. Hypothesis is the boy is wearing black. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round. Hypothesis is the boy is sitting on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market. Hypothesis is a woman selling tires. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market. Hypothesis is a woman selling vegetables for extra cash. The label is neutral.
Premise is this woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market. Hypothesis is a woman in her vegetable market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette. Hypothesis is the other likes to smoke as well. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette. Hypothesis is one of the females is a smoker. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette. Hypothesis is neither one of them enjoy smoking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water. Hypothesis is this is his first wave of the day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water. Hypothesis is the surfer is surfing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water. Hypothesis is the surfer is skateboarding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a surfer on a wave. Hypothesis is a surfer competing at a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a surfer on a wave. Hypothesis is a swimmer at a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a surfer on a wave. Hypothesis is a surfer catching a swell. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in glasses in a basement. Hypothesis is the basement has a man in it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in glasses in a basement. Hypothesis is the man is sitting in his living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in glasses in a basement. Hypothesis is the man is searching for something in the basement. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background. Hypothesis is a man is jumping over some rocks near the mountains. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background. Hypothesis is a man is jumping over rocks in order to escape being attacked by a wild boar. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background. Hypothesis is a man is jumping over some rocks in order to increase his physical stamina. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street. Hypothesis is an employee keeps a storefront looking tidy The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street. Hypothesis is a man dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street. Hypothesis is a woman cleans up near a ladder The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl running on grass Hypothesis is the girl is not standing still. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl running on grass Hypothesis is the young girl runs to join her classmates at the end of the recess period. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl running on grass Hypothesis is the girl sits at the kitchen table, decorating the christmas cookies while her mother looks on. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display. Hypothesis is a person is standing upright. The label is entailment.
Premise is a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display. Hypothesis is a thick haired man sits on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display. Hypothesis is a man admires a display that he likes. The label is neutral.
Premise is pedestrian walking on the street Hypothesis is a person walking inside a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is pedestrian walking on the street Hypothesis is a person walking on the street outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is pedestrian walking on the street Hypothesis is a person crossing a busy street intersection. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand. Hypothesis is a man breakdances while someone watches. The label is entailment.
Premise is one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand. Hypothesis is a woman strips in a sleazy club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand. Hypothesis is a man practices for the 80s party. The label is neutral.
Premise is people ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window. Hypothesis is the people are waiting at their table for the waitress to bring their food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window. Hypothesis is there are people who are about to eat. The label is entailment.
Premise is people ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window. Hypothesis is these people are hungry. The label is neutral.
Premise is a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move. Hypothesis is people are playing soccer in the rain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move. Hypothesis is people are eating live turtles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move. Hypothesis is people are playing sports outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is several men helping each other pull in a fishing net. Hypothesis is there is a group of men. The label is neutral.
Premise is several men helping each other pull in a fishing net. Hypothesis is the men are fishing. The label is entailment.
Premise is several men helping each other pull in a fishing net. Hypothesis is there is one man holding the net. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area. Hypothesis is the collie is standing in the sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area. Hypothesis is the collie is running through the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area. Hypothesis is the collie is at a beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat. Hypothesis is several people sitting in a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat. Hypothesis is a group of people waiting for a larger boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat. Hypothesis is a group of people on a sunken boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. Hypothesis is dog is jumping over a pole The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. Hypothesis is dog is asleep on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog jumps over the pole. Hypothesis is dog is participating in a competition, showing his agility training. The label is neutral.
Premise is baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat Hypothesis is a baseball player hit a homerun. The label is neutral.
Premise is baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat Hypothesis is a baseball player has a green and orange helmet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat Hypothesis is a baseball player is swinging a bat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves. Hypothesis is a little child sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn The label is entailment.
Premise is a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves. Hypothesis is a child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves The label is neutral.
Premise is a toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves. Hypothesis is an child is throwing stones at a leaf wall The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone. Hypothesis is a guy is performing at a recital. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone. Hypothesis is a man is singing a song. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone. Hypothesis is a boy is helping his dad dig a ditch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. Hypothesis is everyone is bald The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. Hypothesis is a person with hair The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar. Hypothesis is a tall person with hair The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background. Hypothesis is the man and woman are looking for help after being snowed in by a blizzard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background. Hypothesis is a man and woman are outside in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background. Hypothesis is a man and women are sitting by the fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage. Hypothesis is a three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage. Hypothesis is the band is playing punk rock music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage. Hypothesis is a band is playing music on a stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights. Hypothesis is nobody has a costume one The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights. Hypothesis is tall people in costumes The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights. Hypothesis is people in costumes The label is entailment.
Premise is three men drink at a reflective bar. Hypothesis is three men are socializing during happy hour. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men drink at a reflective bar. Hypothesis is three men are watching a football game at one of their houses. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men drink at a reflective bar. Hypothesis is men are drinking alcohol at a bar. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. Hypothesis is two young men are dressed up The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. Hypothesis is men are dressed up The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are dressed up as snowmen. Hypothesis is two women are dressed up The label is contradiction.
Premise is person fishing in river. Hypothesis is the man is shopping at the mall The label is contradiction.
Premise is person fishing in river. Hypothesis is a person is near a river The label is entailment.
Premise is person fishing in river. Hypothesis is they have a fishing pole The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. Hypothesis is two mean are wearing clothes and walking The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. Hypothesis is two men are watchin tv inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something. Hypothesis is two men are headed to baseball practice The label is neutral.
Premise is one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment. Hypothesis is there is one female The label is entailment.
Premise is one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment. Hypothesis is there four females The label is contradiction.
Premise is one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment. Hypothesis is they are musicans The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water. Hypothesis is a group poses on vacation at the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water. Hypothesis is a group of people posing in front of a body of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water. Hypothesis is a man cleans up a spill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a big dog catches a ball on his nose Hypothesis is a dog is playing with his owner The label is neutral.
Premise is a big dog catches a ball on his nose Hypothesis is a puppy is rolling on the ground The label is contradiction.
Premise is a big dog catches a ball on his nose Hypothesis is a big dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball The label is neutral.
Premise is two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar. Hypothesis is people are in a religious setting. The label is entailment.
Premise is two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar. Hypothesis is the females are robbing a bank. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar. Hypothesis is the man is a catholic priest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water. Hypothesis is a wet dog is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water. Hypothesis is a black lab waits for its owner to throw a ball into the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water. Hypothesis is a white dog is laying on the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor Hypothesis is the teen has a messy pink bedroom. The label is neutral.
Premise is a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor Hypothesis is the teen is laying down in a mess. The label is entailment.
Premise is a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor Hypothesis is the teen is dancing in her room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium Hypothesis is the man is teaching the boy to play. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium Hypothesis is the man is wearing yellow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium Hypothesis is they are playing ping pong. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. Hypothesis is woman with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. Hypothesis is person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. The label is entailment.
Premise is man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. Hypothesis is sad man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute. The label is neutral.
Premise is a performer plays an instrument for the audience. Hypothesis is the instrument plays a performer for an audience. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a performer plays an instrument for the audience. Hypothesis is the performer is making music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a performer plays an instrument for the audience. Hypothesis is the performer has a flute. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people in coats kiss on the side of a road. Hypothesis is people show their appreciation for another. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people in coats kiss on the side of a road. Hypothesis is a recently engaged couple embrace on the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people in coats kiss on the side of a road. Hypothesis is two married people avoid looking at one another. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow. Hypothesis is a girl rides a snowboard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow. Hypothesis is a person is feeding some cows. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow. Hypothesis is a person rides a snowboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony. Hypothesis is a person is working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony. Hypothesis is a person is working at a theatre. The label is neutral.
Premise is a light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony. Hypothesis is an actress takes the stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house. Hypothesis is a girl is bouncing around. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house. Hypothesis is a girl is bouncing alongside with another girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl bounces in a bounce house. Hypothesis is a girl is bouncing around at a friend birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand Hypothesis is a woman with wood in her hand is standing with a smile on her face. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand Hypothesis is a woman stands holding her baby and crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand Hypothesis is a woman stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is the young boy is hispanic. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is the young boy is crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is the young boy is smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items. Hypothesis is three women are shopping at the mall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items. Hypothesis is a group of coworkers are eating lunch together. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items. Hypothesis is a small group of people are eating and drinking together. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand. Hypothesis is a man is eating lunch. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand. Hypothesis is a man is holding a banana. The label is entailment.
Premise is a football layer wearing a red shirt. Hypothesis is a built man wearing a tshirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a football layer wearing a red shirt. Hypothesis is a football player in a black jersey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a football layer wearing a red shirt. Hypothesis is a red shirt as attire. The label is entailment.
Premise is six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field. Hypothesis is friends are meeting for coffee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field. Hypothesis is women are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field. Hypothesis is friends are waiting together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head. Hypothesis is a young african child playing soccer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head. Hypothesis is a young african child carrying a bag on his had while working for his father in a local village. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head. Hypothesis is a young african child carrying a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is the festivities of the latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city. Hypothesis is many visitors have fun at the latin celebration. The label is neutral.
Premise is the festivities of the latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city. Hypothesis is the city is completely devoid of people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the festivities of the latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city. Hypothesis is many people populate the city. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small girl with braids blowing bubbles. Hypothesis is a young girl enjoys her day outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small girl with braids blowing bubbles. Hypothesis is a young boy plays with his yo-yo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small girl with braids blowing bubbles. Hypothesis is a person is entertaining herself. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe. Hypothesis is two boys look on as a married couple get their pictures taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe. Hypothesis is bride running away from her wedding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe. Hypothesis is bride and groom get marriage pictures taken while their kids look on. The label is neutral.
Premise is man sitting playing guitar. Hypothesis is a man is sitting and strumming a guitar. The label is entailment.
Premise is man sitting playing guitar. Hypothesis is a man is sitting by a campfire, playing guitar and singing. The label is neutral.
Premise is man sitting playing guitar. Hypothesis is a man is standing on stage at a concert, playing saxophone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage. Hypothesis is a man is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage. Hypothesis is a long haired man is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage. Hypothesis is a man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says 'lucky' that is overflowing with cash. Hypothesis is she does a handstand in her business suit The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says 'lucky' that is overflowing with cash. Hypothesis is the elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says 'lucky' that is overflowing with cash. Hypothesis is she is dressed up for a commercial shoot The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike. Hypothesis is the other person laughed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike. Hypothesis is both people fell off their bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike. Hypothesis is a person fell off their bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man speaking with two women. Hypothesis is there are three people talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man speaking with two women. Hypothesis is a man and two women are bungee jumping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man speaking with two women. Hypothesis is a man is giving two women directions at work. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older woman is holding a small child. Hypothesis is a woman holding a child The label is entailment.
Premise is an older woman is holding a small child. Hypothesis is a man holding a baby The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older woman is holding a small child. Hypothesis is a woman holding her grandchild The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is holding a child on his shoulders. Hypothesis is the child is too big to ride on the mans shoulders now. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding a child on his shoulders. Hypothesis is a child is going for a ride on that man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding a child on his shoulders. Hypothesis is a child is riding on a mans shuolders. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest. Hypothesis is a male performer is showcasting his snake for tips. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest. Hypothesis is a male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest. Hypothesis is a blond boy is sleeping in bed at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young child standing on a snow pile in a city. Hypothesis is the man is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is young child standing on a snow pile in a city. Hypothesis is the man is white The label is contradiction.
Premise is young child standing on a snow pile in a city. Hypothesis is a man on a pile The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection. Hypothesis is a little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow pile. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection. Hypothesis is a person outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection. Hypothesis is a child riding his bike by the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small group of people wait to board an mta bus. Hypothesis is a small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small group of people wait to board an mta bus. Hypothesis is large crowds of people wait for a bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small group of people wait to board an mta bus. Hypothesis is a group of people wait outside a bus stop. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes. Hypothesis is a man is holding a leash on someone else dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a leash on her dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a leash on a dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean. Hypothesis is she talks to her boyfriend about plans that night The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean. Hypothesis is she throws her phone into the sea The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean. Hypothesis is she has a conversation on her phone outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a young male sitting in front of a computer monitor Hypothesis is someone is at the movies with their friends. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young male sitting in front of a computer monitor Hypothesis is someone is doing their homework. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young male sitting in front of a computer monitor Hypothesis is someone is sitting in front of a computer. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room. Hypothesis is the room has a camera in it. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room. Hypothesis is the room is black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses. Hypothesis is the older men are sitting inside drinking tea. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses. Hypothesis is the older gentlemen are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses. Hypothesis is the older men are colleagues. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city Hypothesis is they are sitting on a couch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city Hypothesis is they are outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city Hypothesis is they are posing The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a cigarette sits on the stoop. Hypothesis is a man rolls a cigarette and lights it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a cigarette sits on the stoop. Hypothesis is a man sits and smokes outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a cigarette sits on the stoop. Hypothesis is an old man is smoking a cigar. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway. Hypothesis is the man is a farmer The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway. Hypothesis is the man is flying a plane The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway. Hypothesis is a man with glasses The label is entailment.
Premise is a large group of people populate a dimly lit room. Hypothesis is a group of people are partying in the large room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large group of people populate a dimly lit room. Hypothesis is the people are populating the city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large group of people populate a dimly lit room. Hypothesis is a group of people are in a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street. Hypothesis is a man broke his new bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street. Hypothesis is a man in blue walks his scooter down a street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street. Hypothesis is a man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with red-hair staples some papers Hypothesis is a red-haired woman is working on the computer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with red-hair staples some papers Hypothesis is the woman is working on papers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with red-hair staples some papers Hypothesis is there are women shuffling papers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is it looks like quite a sweaty, smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball, but the boys in blue seem to want it more. Hypothesis is a little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty The label is contradiction.
Premise is it looks like quite a sweaty, smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball, but the boys in blue seem to want it more. Hypothesis is a little boy wants a dirty rugby ball The label is entailment.
Premise is a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box. Hypothesis is a soccer player tries to get an interception. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box. Hypothesis is a basketball player blocks a shot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box. Hypothesis is a soccer player gets the interception. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby. Hypothesis is a man is being arrested for assault with a knife. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby. Hypothesis is a man prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby. Hypothesis is a man prepares to throw a knife at his friend The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights. Hypothesis is there is a woman under fluorescent lights. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights. Hypothesis is a woman is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth. Hypothesis is a male has a device near his mouth. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth. Hypothesis is the man is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth. Hypothesis is the man was about to record his music album. The label is neutral.
Premise is a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset. Hypothesis is the photographer is holding the camera in his hands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset. Hypothesis is the photographer is taking a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset. Hypothesis is the photographer is a professional. The label is neutral.
Premise is child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play. Hypothesis is a group of people take turns carrying an injured child. The label is contradiction.
Premise is child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play. Hypothesis is a child is chasing pigeons around. The label is neutral.
Premise is child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play. Hypothesis is people watch a child play. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are assisting a small girl in a harness. Hypothesis is there are two women helping a boy with a harness. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are assisting a small girl in a harness. Hypothesis is two guys help a girl with her harness. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are assisting a small girl in a harness. Hypothesis is the men tying the girl up. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste. Hypothesis is a skier skis. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste. Hypothesis is a professional skier skis down a mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste. Hypothesis is a snowboarder takes a nap on the course. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a toyota suv, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains. Hypothesis is a person is getting out of an suv. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a toyota suv, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains. Hypothesis is the person is driving the suv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a toyota suv, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains. Hypothesis is the person is about to go hiking. The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick. Hypothesis is a man with no shirt holds a stick. The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick. Hypothesis is a rabid sports fan cheers for his team. The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick. Hypothesis is a fully dressed man holds a sign. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds. Hypothesis is the boy's shirt is orange. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds. Hypothesis is the boy is moving very fast. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds. Hypothesis is the boy is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench. Hypothesis is the young boy is watching a hockey game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench. Hypothesis is the young boy is watching a man perform. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench. Hypothesis is the man performing is famous. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road. Hypothesis is a woman is outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road. Hypothesis is a lady is walking down a forest The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road. Hypothesis is a woman is running with a stroller down a lot The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is repairing roof shingles. Hypothesis is a guy is fixing the roof and falls off. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is repairing roof shingles. Hypothesis is a guy is fixing the roof. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is repairing roof shingles. Hypothesis is a guy is jogging. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera. Hypothesis is two girls are taking pictures outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera. Hypothesis is two guys are standing by a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera. Hypothesis is two girls are doing the same pose. The label is neutral.
Premise is two racers race on motorcycles. Hypothesis is two people are racing in a tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is two racers race on motorcycles. Hypothesis is two people are racing cars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two racers race on motorcycles. Hypothesis is two people are racing. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men dancing as a group of people watch. Hypothesis is three men are a dancer The label is neutral.
Premise is three men dancing as a group of people watch. Hypothesis is three men shooting the one girl The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men dancing as a group of people watch. Hypothesis is three men dancing as a stage The label is neutral.
Premise is two young girls looking very concerned. Hypothesis is they aren't paying attention to anything. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls looking very concerned. Hypothesis is a man is lying face down on the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls looking very concerned. Hypothesis is their faces convey their feelings. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool. Hypothesis is a child is thrown by a man in the pool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool. Hypothesis is a man was teaching his boy to swim. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool. Hypothesis is a child is tosses into a box by a woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with her bike. Hypothesis is there is a girl sleeping inside her house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with her bike. Hypothesis is the little girl is going to ride her bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl with her bike. Hypothesis is a girl is wiating for someone to take her bicycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character wall-e. Hypothesis is two girls cosplay at a convention. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character wall-e. Hypothesis is a few girls cosplay at a local event. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character wall-e. Hypothesis is two girls attend a convention. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them. Hypothesis is men sit. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them. Hypothesis is he plays a vial of gin. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them. Hypothesis is water is nearby. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger asian boy sitting near buy, while an asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks. Hypothesis is a mother is making food for her family. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger asian boy sitting near buy, while an asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks. Hypothesis is a woman is preparing food for a child. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger asian boy sitting near buy, while an asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks. Hypothesis is a woman is doing the dishes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch. Hypothesis is the boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grows up The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch. Hypothesis is the boy plays the flute The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch. Hypothesis is the child practices guitar indoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him. Hypothesis is a man rides a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him. Hypothesis is the man is sitting on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street. Hypothesis is two men are making pancakes in their swimtrunks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street. Hypothesis is two men are wearing jeans for a jean advertisement. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is one man with light blue jeans on, and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street. Hypothesis is two men are wearing jeans. The label is entailment.
Premise is two white dogs fighting with each other Hypothesis is the two dogs hate each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is two white dogs fighting with each other Hypothesis is the two dogs are having a brawl. The label is entailment.
Premise is two white dogs fighting with each other Hypothesis is the two dogs are playing fetch with their owners. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together. Hypothesis is five girls taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment The label is neutral.
Premise is five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together. Hypothesis is a group of kids reading The label is entailment.
Premise is five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together. Hypothesis is 5 girls wakeboarding The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about. Hypothesis is a person walking down a street with snow scattered about. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about. Hypothesis is there is a dog walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about. Hypothesis is there is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about. The label is neutral.
Premise is 2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it. Hypothesis is 10 people are kissing The label is contradiction.
Premise is 2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it. Hypothesis is 2 people are talking The label is neutral.
Premise is 2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it. Hypothesis is 2 people are at a table The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm. Hypothesis is the man is practicing how to surf. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm. Hypothesis is the man is laying in a mud puddle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm. Hypothesis is the man is doing something by the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is on the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids. Hypothesis is young boys running their plays at home before saturdays big peewee game. The label is neutral.
Premise is on the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids. Hypothesis is timmy hikes the ball as joe calls the plays The label is neutral.
Premise is on the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids. Hypothesis is bender strikes again! The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open. Hypothesis is a woman laying down sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open. Hypothesis is a woman about to sing a song on stage The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open. Hypothesis is a woman standing at a microphone The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard. Hypothesis is two girls are playing a game on the trampoline. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard. Hypothesis is there are girls on a trampoline. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard. Hypothesis is the girls are in a rocket ship. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl is blowing a huge bubble. Hypothesis is a girl is playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl is blowing a huge bubble. Hypothesis is a girl is blowing many tiny bubbles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl is blowing a huge bubble. Hypothesis is a girl is expelling air. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child is giving heavy metal signs Hypothesis is kid showing the heavy metal hand sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child is giving heavy metal signs Hypothesis is a child signing i love you. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small child is giving heavy metal signs Hypothesis is a child pretending his hand is a bull. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity. Hypothesis is a lady is taking a picture The label is entailment.
Premise is a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity. Hypothesis is a lady is painting a picture The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity. Hypothesis is a lady is spying on somebody else The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy. Hypothesis is a man at a fair is selling cotton candy to little children. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy. Hypothesis is a man is holding fluffy sweets. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy. Hypothesis is a naked man is picking apples. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a referee with a whistle in his mouth points to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a defensive player. Hypothesis is a man is running The label is contradiction.
Premise is a referee with a whistle in his mouth points to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a defensive player. Hypothesis is a referee is punching a goat The label is contradiction.
Premise is two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball. Hypothesis is two professional athletes playing basketball. The label is neutral.
Premise is two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball. Hypothesis is two men playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball. Hypothesis is two women playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe. Hypothesis is a boat is in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe. Hypothesis is a canoe goes over a waterfall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe. Hypothesis is a canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy is hugging a wooden post. Hypothesis is a boy gets his tongue stuck to a metal post. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy is hugging a wooden post. Hypothesis is a boy holds onto a post. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy is hugging a wooden post. Hypothesis is a boy holds onto a post during a wind storm. The label is neutral.
Premise is 4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees. Hypothesis is there is a group of people, waiting at the bus stop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees. Hypothesis is a family visits the zoo. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city. Hypothesis is a kid eating a pizza on a bench by his bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city. Hypothesis is a kid riding his bike home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city. Hypothesis is a kid riding his bike down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square. Hypothesis is the boy's bike is blue. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square. Hypothesis is a boy has a yellow bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square. Hypothesis is the boy is having fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is two cars are being driven in a car race. Hypothesis is two horses are pacing each other on a race track. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two cars are being driven in a car race. Hypothesis is a bugatti and a lambourgini compete in a road race. The label is neutral.
Premise is two cars are being driven in a car race. Hypothesis is two cars participate in a car race. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air. Hypothesis is a dog is barking at the tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air. Hypothesis is a gymnast has her leg straight up in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young female gymnast, wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit, is lifting her right leg straight up in the air. Hypothesis is a younger gymnast, wearing dark blue and white, has her right leg straight in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door. Hypothesis is an old man opens a door while carrying his bicycle out to the clean street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door. Hypothesis is a boy tries to open the door to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycles. The label is neutral.
Premise is bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door. Hypothesis is a boy is touching a door. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man. Hypothesis is a person pushing a shopping cart. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man. Hypothesis is a biy pushing a shopping cart. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy attempts to push the walmart shopping cart for a man. Hypothesis is a boy pushing a car up a hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man with his fishing boat. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man with his fishing boat. Hypothesis is the man doesn't like his fishing boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man with his fishing boat. Hypothesis is a man is with his boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is an engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up. Hypothesis is the engineer heard a noise. The label is neutral.
Premise is an engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up. Hypothesis is the engineer had purple gloves. The label is entailment.
Premise is an engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up. Hypothesis is the engineer was falling asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on. Hypothesis is along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a picture of a fish statue while a small white dog looks on. The label is entailment.
Premise is along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on. Hypothesis is a jury convicts the innocent man because they thought it'd be funny. The label is contradiction.
Premise is along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on. Hypothesis is a person takes a photo. The label is entailment.
Premise is a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table. Hypothesis is a man gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his order. The label is neutral.
Premise is a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table. Hypothesis is two men talk to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break. Hypothesis is people are playing volleyball on the sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break. Hypothesis is some guys are taking a rest from working. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break. Hypothesis is there are people seated. The label is entailment.
Premise is a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle. Hypothesis is the father is teaching his daughter how to ride a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle. Hypothesis is a boy is learning how to ride his bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle. Hypothesis is the boy is improving quickly. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather. Hypothesis is the men are laughing about the us losing the cold war. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather. Hypothesis is two women with leg hair share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather. Hypothesis is men are laughing together on a nice day. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman sitting in an office. Hypothesis is a women in a conference room The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman sitting in an office. Hypothesis is a women outside The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman sitting in an office. Hypothesis is a woman in a office The label is entailment.
Premise is a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute. Hypothesis is a person with hair The label is entailment.
Premise is a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute. Hypothesis is nobody has hair The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute. Hypothesis is a tall person with hair The label is neutral.
Premise is two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water. Hypothesis is two people are near water. The label is entailment.
Premise is two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water. Hypothesis is two people are hiking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water. Hypothesis is two people are in the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball. Hypothesis is the child went swimming. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball. Hypothesis is the child is at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball. Hypothesis is the child is dry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same. Hypothesis is a girl is in black pants. The label is entailment.
Premise is girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same. Hypothesis is a girl is jumping for a charity. The label is neutral.
Premise is girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same. Hypothesis is no one is jumping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch. Hypothesis is a girl is critiquing her friend's dance moves. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch. Hypothesis is both girls are doing a dance. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch. Hypothesis is a girl is dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall. Hypothesis is a person in a hat The label is entailment.
Premise is women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall. Hypothesis is a tall person in a hat The label is neutral.
Premise is women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall. Hypothesis is nobody has a hat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a sign indicates 'dangerous shorebreak' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach. Hypothesis is the beach is out of water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a sign indicates 'dangerous shorebreak' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach. Hypothesis is a giant wave splashes the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a sign indicates 'dangerous shorebreak' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach. Hypothesis is there are people at the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a five person brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows. Hypothesis is the alcove is purple. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a five person brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows. Hypothesis is the band plays jazz music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a five person brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows. Hypothesis is a band is assembled. The label is entailment.
Premise is a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church. Hypothesis is the band plays a sousa march to celebrate the holidays. The label is neutral.
Premise is a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church. Hypothesis is the city laments at their lack of musicians. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church. Hypothesis is there are people playing music. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop. Hypothesis is a man is putting a sign in the window. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop. Hypothesis is a man is putting a sign in the window to alert customers of an upcoming ice cream sale. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs are playing together. Hypothesis is two mutts are chasing each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs are playing together. Hypothesis is two pups are eating. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs are playing together. Hypothesis is two canines are having fun. The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking. Hypothesis is she was calling her husband on her cellphone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking. Hypothesis is the woman was talking on the phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking. Hypothesis is the woman had a blue cellphone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it. Hypothesis is a woman smokes a bong. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it. Hypothesis is a man takes a smoke break from work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it. Hypothesis is a man holding a cigarette. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground. Hypothesis is the colors has disappeared form the world. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground. Hypothesis is a cart is on a city street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground. Hypothesis is the food vendor is selling hot dogs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine. Hypothesis is the man is old The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine. Hypothesis is the shirt is blue The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine. Hypothesis is there is  no man The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person sweeping stairs in a park. Hypothesis is a groundskeeper at a park The label is neutral.
Premise is a person sweeping stairs in a park. Hypothesis is a dog singing karaoke. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person sweeping stairs in a park. Hypothesis is a person outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank. Hypothesis is the boats are on the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank. Hypothesis is the boats are racing. The label is neutral.
Premise is three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank. Hypothesis is the boats  are sailing on the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by. Hypothesis is some men are standing on a carpet. The label is entailment.
Premise is navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by. Hypothesis is some men are saluting their superior out of respect. The label is neutral.
Premise is navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by. Hypothesis is some men are waving hello and speaking to their superior. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink. Hypothesis is a baby is getting a bath by his father. The label is neutral.
Premise is a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink. Hypothesis is a woman is scrambling eggs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink. Hypothesis is a baby is getting a bath. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights. Hypothesis is a man is trying to catch a flight home for christmas. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on a beach in mexico. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights. Hypothesis is a man is at an airport. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign. Hypothesis is three humans standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign. Hypothesis is three people sitting by a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign. Hypothesis is three friends standing on top of a ski mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign. Hypothesis is the children are doing sign language. The label is neutral.
Premise is a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign. Hypothesis is the child is sitting The label is entailment.
Premise is a school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign. Hypothesis is the children are all holding up paper drawings. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman stands by a barbecue. Hypothesis is the young woman is asleep in bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman stands by a barbecue. Hypothesis is the young woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue. The label is neutral.
Premise is people on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper. Hypothesis is people are on a sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is people on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper. Hypothesis is the people are sitting on benches in the sunshine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young couple holding hands in the park. Hypothesis is a couple are at the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young couple holding hands in the park. Hypothesis is a man and woman are on a date. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple holding hands in the park. Hypothesis is two people are ballroom dancing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. Hypothesis is the constructon worker is on the building The label is entailment.
Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. Hypothesis is the construction worker is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is construction worker standing atop an unfinished building. Hypothesis is the construction worker is dead. The label is contradiction.
Premise is child is laughing and playing around. Hypothesis is the child is having a good time and cracking up. The label is entailment.
Premise is child is laughing and playing around. Hypothesis is the child is crying and hurt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is child is laughing and playing around. Hypothesis is the child is with his parents. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man grilling a hamburger. Hypothesis is the man is wearing an apron. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man grilling a hamburger. Hypothesis is the man is near the grill. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man grilling a hamburger. Hypothesis is the man is swimming at the bottom of the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face. Hypothesis is a man raises his forearms The label is entailment.
Premise is a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face. Hypothesis is the man is asleep on the bridge The label is contradiction.
Premise is a middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face. Hypothesis is the man is white The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man appears bored in a restaurant. Hypothesis is a young person appears bored in a restaurant. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man appears bored in a restaurant. Hypothesis is a young sad man appears bored in a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man appears bored in a restaurant. Hypothesis is a young woman appears bored in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man. Hypothesis is this woman does not know the man she is pictured with. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man. Hypothesis is a man and a woman sharing a kiss on the cheek. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man. Hypothesis is the couple is displaying affection. The label is neutral.
Premise is child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up. Hypothesis is children doing homework assignments while tutor monitors them. The label is neutral.
Premise is child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up. Hypothesis is children writing in notebooks while one stands next to them. The label is entailment.
Premise is child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up. Hypothesis is children building a sandcastle on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street. Hypothesis is a man on a motorcycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street. Hypothesis is a man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street. Hypothesis is a man hauling goods to sell. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a pink swimsuit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach. Hypothesis is a woman lounging on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a swimsuit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff. Hypothesis is a person is climbing a steep cliff. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff. Hypothesis is a person is mountain climbing using nothing but his hands and the rocks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff. Hypothesis is a man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow. Hypothesis is a brown dog is running down the road chasing the mailman The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow. Hypothesis is a brown dog plays in snow The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow. Hypothesis is a brown dog is outside and it's snowing The label is neutral.
Premise is a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area. Hypothesis is a dog is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area. Hypothesis is a dog is asleep on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area. Hypothesis is a dog is running in the field towards another dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore. Hypothesis is the two women are walking down the shore drinking tea. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore. Hypothesis is two women are having a picnic on the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore. Hypothesis is both women are drinking coffee outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble. Hypothesis is the young girl is walking among the tulips. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble. Hypothesis is the young asian has lost her home. The label is neutral.
Premise is young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble. Hypothesis is the young asian girl is outside in the rubble. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background. Hypothesis is her favorite candy is chocolate. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background. Hypothesis is a girl has some candy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background. Hypothesis is the girl is wearing her school uniform. The label is contradiction.
Premise is team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way. Hypothesis is a man is jogging in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way. Hypothesis is a person has a number on his shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way. Hypothesis is an ice hockey player waits to make his move. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane. Hypothesis is a person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane. Hypothesis is a sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane. Hypothesis is a woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking. Hypothesis is a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking for a birthday party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking. Hypothesis is a group of people eating and drinking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking. Hypothesis is a group of people playing monopoly. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches. Hypothesis is he is yelling at his son. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches. Hypothesis is the yelling man is wearing a white shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches. Hypothesis is a man is yelling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting on a statue outdoors, near a woman standing next to him. Hypothesis is children playing baseball at the park The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting on a statue outdoors, near a woman standing next to him. Hypothesis is man and woman sitting near a statue The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman poses for a picture with a child. Hypothesis is a child poses for the camera with their mother. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman poses for a picture with a child. Hypothesis is the woman and child take a picture together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman poses for a picture with a child. Hypothesis is a woman and child climb a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket. Hypothesis is the blanket is white. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket. Hypothesis is the blanket is black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket. Hypothesis is the baby had dark hair. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops. Hypothesis is the boy is 8 The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops. Hypothesis is a young boy swings The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops. Hypothesis is the boy is sitting down The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine. Hypothesis is a young girl doesn't jump while performing her routine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine. Hypothesis is a young girl is in the middle of jumping during her dance routine. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl, is mid jump, while performing a dance routine. Hypothesis is a young girl is dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar. Hypothesis is a man is getting ready to drink ice tea. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar. Hypothesis is a man is drinking moonshine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar. Hypothesis is a man is pouring a glass of tea. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl climbing a chain link fence. Hypothesis is a girl is on a fence. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl climbing a chain link fence. Hypothesis is the girl falls from the fence. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl climbing a chain link fence. Hypothesis is the girl climbs the fence to get to school. The label is neutral.
Premise is older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt. Hypothesis is people put on a show. The label is neutral.
Premise is older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt. Hypothesis is some old people perform onstage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought. Hypothesis is two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought. Hypothesis is two people wonder how a christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of july. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman stand in front of a christmas tree contemplating a single thought. Hypothesis is two people talk loudly in front of a cactus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young couple thinking about their christmas decorations. Hypothesis is the couple are decorating for halloween. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young couple thinking about their christmas decorations. Hypothesis is the couple has their christmas tree out. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people standing in a restaurant. Hypothesis is there are people in a restaurant. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people standing in a restaurant. Hypothesis is a group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people standing in a restaurant. Hypothesis is a party waits to be seated at a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is an olympian leaps over an obstacle. Hypothesis is an athelete jumps. The label is entailment.
Premise is an olympian leaps over an obstacle. Hypothesis is an old woman sleeps in the kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an olympian leaps over an obstacle. Hypothesis is a sprinter hurdles the barrier. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man. Hypothesis is a couple is standing and frowning. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man. Hypothesis is a couple is sitting down and smiling at each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple is sitting down smiling, with the woman linking arms with the man. Hypothesis is a couple is sitting down and smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby. Hypothesis is nobody floats. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby. Hypothesis is a person floating The label is entailment.
Premise is a child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby. Hypothesis is a funny person floating The label is neutral.
Premise is a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball. Hypothesis is a many sleeping with his rugby ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball. Hypothesis is a man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball. Hypothesis is a man lying in the grass holding on to a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle. Hypothesis is a dog eating a treat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting waiting to leave for vacation The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man Hypothesis is man photographs skier performing a trick. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man Hypothesis is skier beating up photographer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man Hypothesis is skier showing off for photographer by doing a trick. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene. Hypothesis is woman carrying a child The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene. Hypothesis is man walking a dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene. Hypothesis is woman carrying child to the store The label is neutral.
Premise is multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background. Hypothesis is three of the men are talking on their phones. The label is neutral.
Premise is multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background. Hypothesis is the men are wearing several different coloured shits. The label is entailment.
Premise is multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background. Hypothesis is most of the men are dressed in white shirts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street. Hypothesis is the woman is carrying a basket down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street. Hypothesis is the woman is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of brazil. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street. Hypothesis is the woman is carrying a basket down the street in nepal. The label is neutral.
Premise is a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. Hypothesis is two dogs fighting over a toy in front of a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. Hypothesis is two dogs fighting over a piece of fabric The label is entailment.
Premise is a big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric. Hypothesis is a group of dogs fighting over a dead body. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach. Hypothesis is a young girl does aerobics. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach. Hypothesis is there is fruit present. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach. Hypothesis is a young girl eating a peach, while discussing the times of old with her friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face. Hypothesis is the guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what's in the sandwich. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face. Hypothesis is a person is jumping out of a plane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face. Hypothesis is a person is consuming food. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table. Hypothesis is several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table. Hypothesis is people talking and drinking while sitting at a table outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table. Hypothesis is several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change. Hypothesis is a businessman eats lunch in the cafe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change. Hypothesis is a homeless man in torn jeans begs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change. Hypothesis is a homeless man begs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall. Hypothesis is the man is clearing his driveway. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall. Hypothesis is the man is working in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall. Hypothesis is the man is playing a guitar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is riding in a spaceship to the moon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is giving a speech on personal finance. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is speaking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inflatable boat, in front of several other larger boats. Hypothesis is a man is underwater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inflatable boat, in front of several other larger boats. Hypothesis is a man is afloat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding on to a piece of rope, sitting in an inflatable boat, in front of several other larger boats. Hypothesis is a man sits in a floating raft by some boats. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market. Hypothesis is the people are buying clothing at a stall in the street market. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market. Hypothesis is the people are inspecting the vegetables. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market. Hypothesis is the stand selling produce is in a street market. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small dog looking up to his loving owner. Hypothesis is a dog is playing with his owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small dog looking up to his loving owner. Hypothesis is some people are shopping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small dog looking up to his loving owner. Hypothesis is a dog is looking up. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair. Hypothesis is the dog is chained to a chair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair. Hypothesis is the dog is loose running around the yard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair. Hypothesis is the dog is sitting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background. Hypothesis is a woman in red is out camping near water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background. Hypothesis is a woman looks at a map outdoors, a river and boats are behind her. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is buying a cup of coffee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the african american man protests against unlawful sex. Hypothesis is the man sings and dances in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the african american man protests against unlawful sex. Hypothesis is the man protests in something he doesn't believe in. The label is neutral.
Premise is the african american man protests against unlawful sex. Hypothesis is the man protests. The label is entailment.
Premise is one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm. Hypothesis is a person in a uniform The label is entailment.
Premise is one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm. Hypothesis is nobody is wearing a uniform The label is contradiction.
Premise is one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm. Hypothesis is a tall person in a uniform The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs either fighting or playing together. Hypothesis is the dogs are asleep on the sofa. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs either fighting or playing together. Hypothesis is the dogs are in a meadow. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs either fighting or playing together. Hypothesis is there are at least two dogs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle. Hypothesis is there are boys in the gym. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle. Hypothesis is a group of boys are studying for a test. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle. Hypothesis is the boys in their track jackets in the gym stretch their legs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle. Hypothesis is wearing their track jackets, the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle. Hypothesis is a group of boys are preparing to work out. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone. Hypothesis is a group of musicians playing The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone. Hypothesis is a group of musicians The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young band members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone. Hypothesis is a group of athletes The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket. Hypothesis is the woman is near her dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing jeans. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket. Hypothesis is the woman is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped. Hypothesis is two men in blue suits are selling bikes and mopeds. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped. Hypothesis is two men dressing in different types of clothing are comparing their bike and moped. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped. Hypothesis is a man in traditional dress wants his friend to trade his moped for his bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike. Hypothesis is men look at their bikes. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike. Hypothesis is men prepare to fix their damaged bikes. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike. Hypothesis is three women ride bikes through the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building, with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall. Hypothesis is two boys are moving at high speed. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building, with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall. Hypothesis is two boys are playing a game. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the sailor suit is holding literature. Hypothesis is a man is sitting in his sailor suit. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the sailor suit is holding literature. Hypothesis is a man is holding literature. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the sailor suit is holding literature. Hypothesis is a chef is cooking stew. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women. Hypothesis is man walks past women The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women. Hypothesis is boy watches movie at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women. Hypothesis is women comment on mans looks The label is neutral.
Premise is a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands. Hypothesis is a man is working for a circus. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands. Hypothesis is a man is using his hands. The label is neutral.
Premise is an oriental woman in glasses, shooting archery. Hypothesis is a woman wears glasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is an oriental woman in glasses, shooting archery. Hypothesis is the woman is american. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman. Hypothesis is a woman drinks from a mason jar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman. Hypothesis is a man offers a woman a beer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman. Hypothesis is a man talks to a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group. Hypothesis is group of people standing on a snow covered ground after a blizzard ready to sweep off the buried cars while a dog is nearby. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group. Hypothesis is group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day. The label is contradiction.
Premise is group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group. Hypothesis is group of people with a dog nearby are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down. Hypothesis is i kid is lying down on the train. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down. Hypothesis is a child runs and screams violently in around the train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down. Hypothesis is a child is riding the train from new york to boston. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall. Hypothesis is a person is taking a break from walking The label is neutral.
Premise is a person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall. Hypothesis is a person is near water The label is entailment.
Premise is a person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall. Hypothesis is the person is going for a run The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman finishing a marathon race. Hypothesis is a woman is finishing a race. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman finishing a marathon race. Hypothesis is the woman is in first place. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman finishing a marathon race. Hypothesis is the woman is not going to finish the race. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men shining peoples shoes. Hypothesis is two men fighting over ice cream. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men shining peoples shoes. Hypothesis is two men shining shoes in the plaza. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men shining peoples shoes. Hypothesis is two men shining shoes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man examines a bike during a yard sale. Hypothesis is a man is at a yard sale The label is entailment.
Premise is a man examines a bike during a yard sale. Hypothesis is a woman examines a bike The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man examines a bike during a yard sale. Hypothesis is the man wants to buy a bike The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, 'sara's old fashioned ice cream.' Hypothesis is the man is old. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, 'sara's old fashioned ice cream.' Hypothesis is the young man is getting ice cream. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, 'sara's old fashioned ice cream.' Hypothesis is the young man is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named sara's old fashioned ice cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is running on foot The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named sara's old fashioned ice cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is riding his bike The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named sara's old fashioned ice cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is holding a bike up The label is entailment.
Premise is two men work outside polishing shoes. Hypothesis is some men are polishing the shoes of business men. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men work outside polishing shoes. Hypothesis is some men are watching tv together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men work outside polishing shoes. Hypothesis is some men are polishing shoes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses. Hypothesis is a girl is outside in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses. Hypothesis is a girl is on a snowy mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses. Hypothesis is a girl is at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall. Hypothesis is the old lovers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall. Hypothesis is octogenarians admiring the old photographs that decorated th wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall. Hypothesis is sandwiches nailed to the wall were commonly mistaken as pictures by the visiting tourists. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man rock climbs. Hypothesis is a man is doing his hobby The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirtless man rock climbs. Hypothesis is a woman is climbing stairs The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man rock climbs. Hypothesis is a man is outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog plays with a stuffed animal. Hypothesis is the animal is indoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog plays with a stuffed animal. Hypothesis is the dog is enjoying himself. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog plays with a stuffed animal. Hypothesis is the dog is chewing on his toy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboarder sails over white steps. Hypothesis is the skater was elated. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboarder sails over white steps. Hypothesis is the skater jumped high over the steps. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboarder sails over white steps. Hypothesis is the dog jumped over the steps. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street. Hypothesis is 2 male humans are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street. Hypothesis is 2 male humans are working construction. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street. Hypothesis is 2 male humans are outside with a hat on. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man looks back while laughing and walking. Hypothesis is a man walks and hears a funny joke and starts to laugh. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man looks back while laughing and walking. Hypothesis is a man is falling down on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man looks back while laughing and walking. Hypothesis is a man is looks behind his shoulder to laugh. The label is entailment.
Premise is a happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated. Hypothesis is a woman stands by a business. The label is neutral.
Premise is a happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated. Hypothesis is a woman sings to herself. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated. Hypothesis is a woman happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a dress is singing and having a good time. Hypothesis is a woman is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a dress is singing and having a good time. Hypothesis is a woman is having a bad time singing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a dress is singing and having a good time. Hypothesis is a woman is singing karaoke. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Hypothesis is an animal is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Hypothesis is a large dog is walking down the front steps. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog is walking down steps. Hypothesis is a dog is laying on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep. Hypothesis is a women is holding a mans bicep The label is entailment.
Premise is women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep. Hypothesis is the man and women are married and she is showing off his arms The label is neutral.
Premise is women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep. Hypothesis is the man accidentally knocked the women out The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches. Hypothesis is people throw things at the display The label is neutral.
Premise is a large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches. Hypothesis is people stand in front of a display The label is entailment.
Premise is a large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches. Hypothesis is people stand in front of the new display The label is neutral.
Premise is a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink. Hypothesis is the man is holding a drink. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink. Hypothesis is the man is scuba diving. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man talks to two guards as he holds a drink. Hypothesis is the prisoner is talking to two guards in the prison cafeteria. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross. Hypothesis is a blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross. Hypothesis is pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross. Hypothesis is a blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman and a baby are watching a boy play. Hypothesis is a woman and a baby watching The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and a baby are watching a boy play. Hypothesis is the woman is his mother The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and a baby are watching a boy play. Hypothesis is the woman is asleep at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench. Hypothesis is a woman reading a book while she sits on a bench waiting for the bus. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench. Hypothesis is a woman reading a book while sitting on a bench. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench. Hypothesis is a man reading a book while sitting on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse. Hypothesis is the clown has fallen off the horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse. Hypothesis is the cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is it looks like the clown has fallen off the horse. Hypothesis is the sad clown fell off the horse at the state fair rodeo. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a business suit screaming at the camera. Hypothesis is a business man is giving a heated interview for the local news. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a business suit screaming at the camera. Hypothesis is a woman is yelling at a camera. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a business suit screaming at the camera. Hypothesis is a man is yelling at a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch. Hypothesis is a group of chinese people are hanging out on a porch. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch. Hypothesis is the chinese people on the porch are family members. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch. Hypothesis is a group of african american people are eating dinner at kfc. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child making a sand castle on the beach. Hypothesis is a child uses their imagination. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child making a sand castle on the beach. Hypothesis is a child on a beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child making a sand castle on the beach. Hypothesis is a child doing homework. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red '21'- round the corner of a tree-lined track. Hypothesis is there are two people and two motorbikes in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red '21'- round the corner of a tree-lined track. Hypothesis is one man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red '21'- round the corner of a tree-lined track. Hypothesis is the two bikers, both friends and competitors, round the final curve of the final race of the season. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean. Hypothesis is a man falls down onto his bed The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean. Hypothesis is a woman falls into a bed The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and black pants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the ocean. Hypothesis is a man falls down onto a bed The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates. Hypothesis is the winner gets a free soda. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates. Hypothesis is two girls are in a race. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates. Hypothesis is the girls are racing on jetskis. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street. Hypothesis is a woman is on her way home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street. Hypothesis is a young woman is standing on her hands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street. Hypothesis is a woman is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him. Hypothesis is a man is getting his face shaved for his party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him. Hypothesis is two people are near each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him. Hypothesis is the two men are playing a game of football. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder. Hypothesis is they walk along carrying a bounty of food The label is entailment.
Premise is woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder. Hypothesis is the friends retire home after going to the farmer's market The label is neutral.
Premise is woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder. Hypothesis is they fight over the food they bought The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty. Hypothesis is two people sit on bleachers The label is entailment.
Premise is two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty. Hypothesis is two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty. Hypothesis is three men fall a sleep on green bleachers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them. Hypothesis is a crew is working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them. Hypothesis is a road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them. The label is neutral.
Premise is a road crew is working on a road with equipment around them. Hypothesis is a group of men are sitting around a conference table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them. Hypothesis is the couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop. The label is neutral.
Premise is a younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them. Hypothesis is there are people outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them. Hypothesis is there are people inside of a store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in black jackets behind a white handrail. Hypothesis is two women are wearing red The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in black jackets behind a white handrail. Hypothesis is the two me are wearing black jackets The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in black jackets behind a white handrail. Hypothesis is the two men are friends The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is an elderly woman is shown outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is an elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is an elderly woman is walking to her doctors appointment. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is a human in motion. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is a woman on her way to church. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is a young women walking down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant. Hypothesis is the donkey sign is smeared with paint. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant. Hypothesis is the person is a gay republican. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant. Hypothesis is the person holds a sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing fetch with two brown dogs. Hypothesis is a man has two dogs playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man playing fetch with two brown dogs. Hypothesis is the dogs are adopted. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing fetch with two brown dogs. Hypothesis is the dogs are asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is stealing a sculpture The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture. Hypothesis is there is a sculture The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is robbing a bank The label is contradiction.
Premise is this child is getting a pedicure. Hypothesis is child getting a manicure. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this child is getting a pedicure. Hypothesis is child getting pedicure. The label is entailment.
Premise is this child is getting a pedicure. Hypothesis is child getting pedicure with mother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman. Hypothesis is everybody is bald The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman. Hypothesis is a person with hair The label is entailment.
Premise is a black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman. Hypothesis is a tall person with hair The label is neutral.
Premise is instructor on basket weaving at fair Hypothesis is a basket weaver sitting at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is instructor on basket weaving at fair Hypothesis is a basket weaving instructor at the fair. The label is entailment.
Premise is instructor on basket weaving at fair Hypothesis is a basket weaver teaching a class at the fair. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area. Hypothesis is the coworkers are discussing a work related paper in their shop. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area. Hypothesis is the guys are having a party at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area. Hypothesis is the men are discussing their blueprints. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair. Hypothesis is a man sits in a chair on a dating show. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair. Hypothesis is a man sits in a purple chair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair. Hypothesis is a bald man sits in a red chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse. Hypothesis is young men are talking The label is entailment.
Premise is a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse. Hypothesis is young men are talking abuot love The label is neutral.
Premise is a wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse. Hypothesis is young woman are walking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small girl is swinging. Hypothesis is a young lady plays outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a small girl is swinging. Hypothesis is a child swings The label is entailment.
Premise is a small girl is swinging. Hypothesis is a puppy barks at a girl The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men playing rugby on the sand. Hypothesis is a group of woman play volleyball in a court. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men playing rugby on the sand. Hypothesis is a rugby team plays a match at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of men playing rugby on the sand. Hypothesis is a group of men playing sports in the sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight. Hypothesis is it is a sunny day. The label is entailment.
Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing a dress. The label is entailment.
Premise is beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight. Hypothesis is it is late at night. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bundled up toddler is walking over snow. Hypothesis is a toddler is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bundled up toddler is walking over snow. Hypothesis is a toddler is very cold. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bundled up toddler is walking over snow. Hypothesis is a toddler walking in sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd. Hypothesis is a fire performer performing before a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd. Hypothesis is a man in pants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd. Hypothesis is a dancer about to breath fire out before the crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car. Hypothesis is a man secures surfboards on his car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car. Hypothesis is a man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is using a small scissors on a large net. Hypothesis is a woman is using small scissors on a basketball net. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is using a small scissors on a large net. Hypothesis is a woman is using tape on a large net. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is using a small scissors on a large net. Hypothesis is a woman is using small cutting utensils on a large net. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men heavily immersed in a conversation worth having. Hypothesis is the men are sitting in silence. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men heavily immersed in a conversation worth having. Hypothesis is two men are talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child bowling at the bowling alley. Hypothesis is a professional bowling team wins the championship. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child bowling at the bowling alley. Hypothesis is a girl is bowling against her daddy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people celebrating in the street. Hypothesis is there is a celebration going on The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people celebrating in the street. Hypothesis is people are celebrating their friend's birthday The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people celebrating in the street. Hypothesis is people got shot by a sniper and dide The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot. Hypothesis is the men are cooking dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot. Hypothesis is three guys are in a swimming pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot. Hypothesis is three people are standing inside a house near each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women wearing red are smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is smiling at the camera the two women wore red The label is entailment.
Premise is two women wearing red are smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is with their backs turned to the camera were two women wearing blue dresses The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women wearing red are smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is posing for a picture the woman wore the same red smock The label is neutral.
Premise is a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition. Hypothesis is a long jumper tries to beat the person before him, but he hasn't performed well recently. The label is neutral.
Premise is a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition. Hypothesis is there is someone attempting to jump. The label is entailment.
Premise is a long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition. Hypothesis is a long jumper is jumping a hurdle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman look through cd's at a street vendor. Hypothesis is a man and women laying down in bed The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman look through cd's at a street vendor. Hypothesis is a man and women taking a break The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman look through cd's at a street vendor. Hypothesis is a man and women shopping The label is entailment.
Premise is six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel. Hypothesis is many people are searching for an oasis in the desert. The label is neutral.
Premise is six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel. Hypothesis is many people are lying in the sun at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel. Hypothesis is many people are being led through the desert on the backs on camels. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower. Hypothesis is the girl is holding a dead animal The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower. Hypothesis is the girl is cute The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower. Hypothesis is the girl is holding a flower The label is entailment.
Premise is this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day. Hypothesis is the person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day. Hypothesis is the person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is this person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day. Hypothesis is there is a person talking on the phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are posing on the side of a mountain. Hypothesis is the dogs are posing at the mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are posing on the side of a mountain. Hypothesis is they are all smiling. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are posing on the side of a mountain. Hypothesis is the three people are posing at the mountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool. Hypothesis is a child is moving swiftly toward a body of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool. Hypothesis is a dog sits quietly by the dinner table, eyeing the plates of food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool. Hypothesis is a child at a birthday party, plays with other children, laughing and screaming. The label is neutral.
Premise is naked children play on the muddy riverbank. Hypothesis is the riverbank was played on by nudity of kids The label is entailment.
Premise is naked children play on the muddy riverbank. Hypothesis is the nude kids played on the riverbank  in the mud just to have a mud bath The label is neutral.
Premise is naked children play on the muddy riverbank. Hypothesis is the riverbank stayed clean everyday The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash. Hypothesis is there is a woman swimming. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash. Hypothesis is the synchronized swimmer is performing at the olympics. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash. Hypothesis is a woman is laying on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a silhouette of a man fishing. Hypothesis is a man is fishing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a silhouette of a man fishing. Hypothesis is a man took a fishing trip. The label is neutral.
Premise is a silhouette of a man fishing. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man hammering nails on a shed. Hypothesis is the man is making repairs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man hammering nails on a shed. Hypothesis is the man is a handyman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man hammering nails on a shed. Hypothesis is the shed is made of t-shirts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding. Hypothesis is the person is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding. Hypothesis is a person is enjoying the scenery. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding. Hypothesis is the person is dead. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a cowboy hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd. Hypothesis is there is crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd. Hypothesis is the cap is a yankee cap. The label is neutral.
Premise is asian class posing for picture with stormtrooper Hypothesis is the class is holding hands. The label is neutral.
Premise is asian class posing for picture with stormtrooper Hypothesis is the storm strooper is attacking the children. The label is contradiction.
Premise is asian class posing for picture with stormtrooper Hypothesis is the stormtrooper is being photographed. The label is entailment.
Premise is a police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket. Hypothesis is a man driving a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket. Hypothesis is a police officer and his motorbike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket. Hypothesis is a motorcycle officer getting ready for patrol. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water. Hypothesis is two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water. Hypothesis is two young girls are standing under a fountain of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water. Hypothesis is two young girls are riding roller coasters. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs. Hypothesis is some men drinking at the bar together The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs. Hypothesis is a man drinking with others The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs. Hypothesis is the man is crying and writing The label is contradiction.
Premise is clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup! Hypothesis is fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school The label is neutral.
Premise is clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup! Hypothesis is fooling around in the bedroom The label is contradiction.
Premise is clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup! Hypothesis is fooling around in the bathroom The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers. Hypothesis is a woman rides a horse on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers. Hypothesis is a lady is lying in bed. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers. Hypothesis is an elderly woman is taking a nap. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam. Hypothesis is a human in snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam. Hypothesis is a women about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam. Hypothesis is a woman outside in the hot sand. The label is contradiction.
Premise is you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere Hypothesis is there are three boys standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere Hypothesis is the boys are sitting down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is you can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere Hypothesis is the sidewalk is in new york. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench. Hypothesis is the guy in funky clothes is on the bench The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench. Hypothesis is the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench. Hypothesis is the guy is on the cow The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man siting on a bench with a briefcase. Hypothesis is the man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man siting on a bench with a briefcase. Hypothesis is the man is walking up the stairs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man siting on a bench with a briefcase. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors with his briefcase. The label is entailment.
Premise is person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping. Hypothesis is a person is sleeping on a park bench. The label is neutral.
Premise is person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping. Hypothesis is a person is napping. The label is entailment.
Premise is person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping. Hypothesis is a person is dancing at a rave. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some folks pick out the food they want at a party. Hypothesis is a study group sits at a table in the library. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some folks pick out the food they want at a party. Hypothesis is the party-goers are perusing the buffet. The label is entailment.
Premise is the blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her. Hypothesis is the girl is talking to someone while opening a drink. The label is entailment.
Premise is the blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her. Hypothesis is a girl is opening a diet coke while talking to her boyfriend. The label is neutral.
Premise is the blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her. Hypothesis is a man is eating dinner at a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is group of men standing in a meeting room, talking. Hypothesis is a group of men are discussing business. The label is neutral.
Premise is group of men standing in a meeting room, talking. Hypothesis is a group of men are scuba diving. The label is contradiction.
Premise is group of men standing in a meeting room, talking. Hypothesis is a group of men are talking to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees. Hypothesis is a woman is outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees. Hypothesis is the woman is hanging out with her kids The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees. Hypothesis is the woman cooked a apple pie The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it. Hypothesis is the woman is yelling at the package. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it. Hypothesis is the woman is about to open the package. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman smiles while she opens a red package in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it. Hypothesis is the woman is smiling at a package. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a young girl swimming. Hypothesis is a man and girl swim The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a young girl swimming. Hypothesis is a father and daughter swim together The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a young girl swimming. Hypothesis is a mother and son eating lunch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off. Hypothesis is a woman hurdler trips over a hurdle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off. Hypothesis is a long jumper's glasses fall off. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off. Hypothesis is a man's glasses fall off. The label is entailment.
Premise is people checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city. Hypothesis is a car door has not been shut The label is entailment.
Premise is people checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city. Hypothesis is someone is blowing up the car with bombs The label is contradiction.
Premise is people checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city. Hypothesis is people are admiring the car The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained. Hypothesis is the man is forty The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained. Hypothesis is a man is walking The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained. Hypothesis is the man is sitted in the bar The label is contradiction.
Premise is a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing. Hypothesis is a man is riding a riding a bicycle through the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing. Hypothesis is a snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing. Hypothesis is a snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is two nhl hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off. Hypothesis is the ballerinas have words before the recitial. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two nhl hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off. Hypothesis is the players start a fight to continue a previous disagreement. The label is neutral.
Premise is two nhl hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off. Hypothesis is the players vigarously compete in their game. The label is entailment.
Premise is three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress. Hypothesis is the bridesmaids are assisting the bride. The label is entailment.
Premise is three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress. Hypothesis is the three women are exercising in an aerobics class. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress. Hypothesis is the people are practicing at a wedding recital. The label is neutral.
Premise is man recording a video of a woman. Hypothesis is a woman is unknowing being recorded by a man. The label is neutral.
Premise is man recording a video of a woman. Hypothesis is a man is taking a woman on a date. The label is neutral.
Premise is man recording a video of a woman. Hypothesis is a woman is being recorded by a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game. Hypothesis is a girl is playing the piano in her living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game. Hypothesis is a little boy is wet outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game. Hypothesis is a little boy is running through the sprinkler with his friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder. Hypothesis is the firefighters are eating lunch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder. Hypothesis is the firefighers are ready to fight a fire. The label is entailment.
Premise is firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder. Hypothesis is the firefighters are trying to save a child. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger. Hypothesis is a girl and a butterfly The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger. Hypothesis is a girl captures a butterfly for a science fair project The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger. Hypothesis is a girl drinks a milkshake The label is contradiction.
Premise is a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb. Hypothesis is the chef is sleeping in his canoe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb. Hypothesis is a chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb. Hypothesis is a human being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another. Hypothesis is there are people indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another. Hypothesis is there are people watching tv The label is neutral.
Premise is three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another. Hypothesis is three students are studying for a test The label is neutral.
Premise is a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars. Hypothesis is the gymnast is a woman The label is entailment.
Premise is a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars. Hypothesis is a gymanst performing The label is entailment.
Premise is a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars. Hypothesis is the gymnast is taking a shower The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump. Hypothesis is a gymnast is completing her jump. The label is entailment.
Premise is a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump. Hypothesis is a gymnastics performer is stretching. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump. Hypothesis is a gymnast is completing her jump in the finals. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar. Hypothesis is the person with a purple bandanna is taking a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar. Hypothesis is the brown haired person is a stone mason working on a reconstruction project. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar. Hypothesis is the person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman cutting dough. Hypothesis is a husband and wife making pizza. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman cutting dough. Hypothesis is some dough being cut by a man and woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman cutting dough. Hypothesis is a man and woman eating vegetables. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves. Hypothesis is a young boy wears sandals. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves. Hypothesis is a barefoot boy climbs a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy wearing red croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves. Hypothesis is a young boy climbs an oak tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog catching a frisbee. Hypothesis is an animal is making contact with a toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog catching a frisbee. Hypothesis is a puppy has leapt into the air to grab a frisbee. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog catching a frisbee. Hypothesis is an elephant is being trained to catch frisbees. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband. Hypothesis is newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church. The label is neutral.
Premise is a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband. Hypothesis is newlyweds sitting on a park bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband. Hypothesis is a couple walks outdoors together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle. Hypothesis is a man in a sweater vest is looking at a limo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle. Hypothesis is a construction worker is looking outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle. Hypothesis is a construction worker is looking at a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest. Hypothesis is a man next to a tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest. Hypothesis is a man pushes a redwood tree in the forest. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest. Hypothesis is a man standing on a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank. Hypothesis is a man wears a white shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank. Hypothesis is a man wears a white tommy hilfiger shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank. Hypothesis is a shirtless man sips coffee at the dinner table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people trying to get warm. Hypothesis is people are trying to warm up. The label is entailment.
Premise is people trying to get warm. Hypothesis is people are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people trying to get warm. Hypothesis is people are outside on a chilly day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain. Hypothesis is a yellow dog is going to the vet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain. Hypothesis is a yellow dog is running outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain. Hypothesis is a yellow dog is chasing a bunny in the field. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building. Hypothesis is a man is sitting on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building. Hypothesis is a man is standing with his sons. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building. Hypothesis is a man is standing with two kids. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman. Hypothesis is the man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman. Hypothesis is the man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman's store. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman. Hypothesis is the little boys are flying a kite with the man and the woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone. Hypothesis is a police officer is wearing a large helmet. The label is neutral.
Premise is police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone. Hypothesis is a police officer is silent. The label is contradiction.
Premise is police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone. Hypothesis is a police officer is moving his mouth. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing. Hypothesis is old lady sitting on a chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing. Hypothesis is girl plays swing The label is entailment.
Premise is a small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing. Hypothesis is teen girl plays swing with his friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women are dancing among the bamboo. Hypothesis is a group of women on the dance floor decorated with bamboo. The label is neutral.
Premise is three women are dancing among the bamboo. Hypothesis is a group of men are fencing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three women are dancing among the bamboo. Hypothesis is a group of women dance. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture. Hypothesis is a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture of his friend The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture. Hypothesis is a man wearing a hat works on his car The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture. Hypothesis is a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture The label is entailment.
Premise is a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone. Hypothesis is the man is an artist. The label is neutral.
Premise is a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone. Hypothesis is the man is running from the cop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone. Hypothesis is the man is sculpting a piece of art. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black carving stone. Hypothesis is the man is wearing white. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing black carving stone. Hypothesis is a man is wearing black. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black carving stone. Hypothesis is the man is very tall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope. Hypothesis is a man has damaged something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope. Hypothesis is a man has destroyed his airplane The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail. Hypothesis is a kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail. Hypothesis is a kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail. Hypothesis is a kid in a helmet sleds down a hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it. Hypothesis is a boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it. Hypothesis is a boy watches boats on a lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it. Hypothesis is a boy happily watches an acrobat jumping on a stage. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top Hypothesis is the man's pants are red. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top Hypothesis is the man and woman who are talking are both wearing black pants. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top Hypothesis is the man and woman are engaged. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street. Hypothesis is the lady in a dress is yelling at the man in the road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street. Hypothesis is a young gal in snug pants chats with a guy in the road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street. Hypothesis is a teenager in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the road. The label is neutral.
Premise is on a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride Hypothesis is a man is about to ride in a canoe. The label is entailment.
Premise is on a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride Hypothesis is a man is indoors watching someone canoe on television. The label is contradiction.
Premise is on a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride Hypothesis is a man is about to take a ride in a white canoe. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant. Hypothesis is women are eating The label is entailment.
Premise is two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant. Hypothesis is the women are watching tv at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant. Hypothesis is the restaurant is crowded The label is neutral.
Premise is two young women, one with blond-hair in a ponytail, are sitting in a booth next to some potted plants. Hypothesis is two women are sitting near to green plants The label is neutral.
Premise is two young women, one with blond-hair in a ponytail, are sitting in a booth next to some potted plants. Hypothesis is two women are swimming in beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest. Hypothesis is the woman has black hair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest. Hypothesis is the woman is naturally a red head. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest. Hypothesis is the woman is holding an instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is six people appearing to be planting something in the ground. Hypothesis is people are planting a vegetable garden The label is neutral.
Premise is six people appearing to be planting something in the ground. Hypothesis is six people are at the movies. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six people appearing to be planting something in the ground. Hypothesis is people are digging up the earth The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him. Hypothesis is a man has dragon tattoos on his arm. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him. Hypothesis is a man with no tattoos is getting a massage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van. Hypothesis is a man in his van because he caught his victim The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van. Hypothesis is a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van. Hypothesis is a man standing in front of a van The label is entailment.
Premise is two people standing behind a sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side. Hypothesis is two people are near a sonoma store. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people standing behind a sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side. Hypothesis is two people are race car driving. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people standing behind a sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side. Hypothesis is a woman has her daughter in a stroller. The label is neutral.
Premise is several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses Hypothesis is there is one bride. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses Hypothesis is they are sisters. The label is neutral.
Premise is several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses Hypothesis is there is a group of brides. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy and girl kissing in the sunset. Hypothesis is a boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy and girl kissing in the sunset. Hypothesis is a boy kisses his dog on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and girl kissing in the sunset. Hypothesis is two people are kissing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily. Hypothesis is a baby eating cake celebrating it's birthday. The label is neutral.
Premise is a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily. Hypothesis is a baby eating cake messily. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily. Hypothesis is a baby eating a steak. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing a large stringed instrument on the street. Hypothesis is the man is performing for money. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing a large stringed instrument on the street. Hypothesis is the man is standing on the platform waiting for a train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing a large stringed instrument on the street. Hypothesis is there is a man entertaining outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background. Hypothesis is a woman looking at the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background. Hypothesis is a woman not paying attention to the camera The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background. Hypothesis is a woman is in a cooking competition The label is neutral.
Premise is two butchers are walking through their shop. Hypothesis is the owners of a very famous meat market are getting ready to open up shop. The label is neutral.
Premise is two butchers are walking through their shop. Hypothesis is two workers are preforming their jobs. The label is entailment.
Premise is two butchers are walking through their shop. Hypothesis is two butchers are attacking each other in the shop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event. Hypothesis is vote sasquatch for president 2016! The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event. Hypothesis is the man speaking is the president of the united states. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event. Hypothesis is a man in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter. Hypothesis is people are standing in line at a concert The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter. Hypothesis is people are at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter. Hypothesis is girls can stand The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby. Hypothesis is a girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby. Hypothesis is a young girl chases some birds. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby. Hypothesis is a young girl frowns as she drops her ice cream cone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses. Hypothesis is the horses are scrawny. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses. Hypothesis is the people are taking a carriage ride. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses. Hypothesis is the oxen are pulling the carriage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal. Hypothesis is the two teams are both wearing white sneakers. The label is neutral.
Premise is black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal. Hypothesis is red, and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a goal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal. Hypothesis is two teams are playing a sport. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases. Hypothesis is people are descending in a tunnel. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases. Hypothesis is workers are returning from inspection. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases. Hypothesis is people are climbing a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars. Hypothesis is a coach is showing the gymnast how to use the rings. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars. Hypothesis is a gymnast is performing a routine on the bars. The label is entailment.
Premise is a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars. Hypothesis is a young gymnast is performing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black coat is walking. Hypothesis is a naked man walking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a black coat is walking. Hypothesis is a man walking home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black coat is walking. Hypothesis is a man wearing a coat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children playing with props Hypothesis is the children are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children playing with props Hypothesis is the children are in a play. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children playing with props Hypothesis is the children are playing with machine guns. The label is neutral.
Premise is the squirrel sits straight up in the grass. Hypothesis is a squirrel runs in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the squirrel sits straight up in the grass. Hypothesis is a squirrel sits in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is the squirrel sits straight up in the grass. Hypothesis is a squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull. Hypothesis is three men bother a bull as people watch. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull. Hypothesis is a man rides horseback in the field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull. Hypothesis is a fair is filled with crowds of adults and children. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush. Hypothesis is a girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush. Hypothesis is a girl in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush. Hypothesis is a boy is going on a jog in a park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand. Hypothesis is a tall person standing The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand. Hypothesis is nobody is standing The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand. Hypothesis is a person standing The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence. Hypothesis is a boy with a toy The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence. Hypothesis is a kid digging a large hole The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence. Hypothesis is a kid in the middle of playing cops and robbers poses with his toy gun The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field. Hypothesis is there are at least 2 people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field. Hypothesis is the group of people are flying in the air on their unicorns. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall. Hypothesis is the photographer is taking a picture of an old man. The label is neutral.
Premise is a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall. Hypothesis is the photographer is taking a photo of a dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall. Hypothesis is the man is getting his picture taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background. Hypothesis is a man is in a building cleaning. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background. Hypothesis is the man is referring a floor cleaner battle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background. Hypothesis is a man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside. Hypothesis is the dog is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside. Hypothesis is the dog is at the beach The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside. Hypothesis is the dog likes to play catch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience. Hypothesis is two female artists are demonstrating punches for the audience. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience. Hypothesis is two female martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class. The label is neutral.
Premise is two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience. Hypothesis is two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera. Hypothesis is paper is being held up to a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera. Hypothesis is two men are sitting watching a movie. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera. Hypothesis is he takes a photo of the piece of paper. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on. Hypothesis is the man is riding a motorcycle across the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on. Hypothesis is the man in the leather jacket is walking to his motorcycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on. Hypothesis is a man is walking across an intersection. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer Hypothesis is the man on a bike was rude to the photographer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer Hypothesis is the photographer has angered that bike rider somehow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer Hypothesis is the bike rider and the photographer greeted each other warmly. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tour bus parked in a park. Hypothesis is there is a buss in this picture The label is entailment.
Premise is a tour bus parked in a park. Hypothesis is the buss is stopping for some picture breaks for the tourists The label is neutral.
Premise is a tour bus parked in a park. Hypothesis is the buss is in a pool The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is standing in the doorway of a building. Hypothesis is the man is walking into a room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is standing in the doorway of a building. Hypothesis is a woman is standing in the doorway of a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is standing in the doorway of a building. Hypothesis is a man is in a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it. Hypothesis is a dog is in the kitchen with an woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it. Hypothesis is the dog is begging for a treat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it. Hypothesis is the dog is decorating the gingerbread house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet. Hypothesis is woman views paintings with two girls at her feet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet. Hypothesis is woman kicks children sitting by her feet . The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet. Hypothesis is woman takes a break at a museum while her children sit by her feet. The label is neutral.
Premise is construction workers on lifts working on a building. Hypothesis is there are men working on a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is construction workers on lifts working on a building. Hypothesis is men are repairing the gutters on a house. The label is neutral.
Premise is construction workers on lifts working on a building. Hypothesis is one man is painting a billboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men, who appear to be asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed. Hypothesis is a man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men, who appear to be asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed. Hypothesis is three black men yelling at each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men, who appear to be asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed. Hypothesis is a group of men talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white woman waiting in line. Hypothesis is the woman is eating dinner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white woman waiting in line. Hypothesis is there is a female waiting for a friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white woman waiting in line. Hypothesis is the woman is standing around waiting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man caries the girl The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the girls are sister The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the girl is little The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands. Hypothesis is a woman and her husband are at a baseball game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands. Hypothesis is a couple are riding a rollercoaster. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands. Hypothesis is two people, one with a hat, can see baseball from where they are. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are sitting at tables. Hypothesis is a man takes photos of a dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are sitting at tables. Hypothesis is people are seated at tables. The label is entailment.
Premise is people are sitting at tables. Hypothesis is people are seated at tables at a wedding reception. The label is neutral.
Premise is scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness. Hypothesis is scientists are working on a cure The label is entailment.
Premise is scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness. Hypothesis is a group of scientists are examining a bald man while shaking their heads The label is neutral.
Premise is scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness. Hypothesis is a group of scientists walks into a bar, and order a drink, then sit down and drink it. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are looking through microscopes in a room. Hypothesis is there are biologists checking for tissue abnormalities. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are looking through microscopes in a room. Hypothesis is there are men using scientific instruments. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are looking through microscopes in a room. Hypothesis is the men are watching tv in a room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on. Hypothesis is a mountaineer is standing on a mountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on. Hypothesis is a person starts to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on. Hypothesis is a man is drinking hot cocoa inside a lodge. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground. Hypothesis is the woman in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washing, as well as the filthy old truck. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground. Hypothesis is the woman in blue pants and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust, as she has never seen anything so dirty. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground. Hypothesis is the truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning, as it's surrounded in mud. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain. Hypothesis is women dislikes rain, but walks through it anyway The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain. Hypothesis is women walks through the rain The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain. Hypothesis is woman walks down street on sunny day The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bald man is getting out of a small blue car. Hypothesis is the man is bald. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bald man is getting out of a small blue car. Hypothesis is the bald man got out of a red truck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bald man is getting out of a small blue car. Hypothesis is the man drives a blue car. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman adjusting her eyeglasses. Hypothesis is woman adjusting her eyeglasses after reading. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman adjusting her eyeglasses. Hypothesis is woman fixes her hair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman adjusting her eyeglasses. Hypothesis is woman adjusts her glasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear. Hypothesis is a happy man is picking up a pear. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear. Hypothesis is a man is pushing a hand truck. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear. Hypothesis is a man is pushing a pear and picking up boxes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball. Hypothesis is a boy is with a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing a sweater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball. Hypothesis is a boy is with a soccer ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake. Hypothesis is a man stands alone on a beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake. Hypothesis is a couple on vacation. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake. Hypothesis is a couple holds hands on the shore. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball. Hypothesis is the men are on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball. Hypothesis is the men just met today. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball. Hypothesis is the men are at the mal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other. Hypothesis is a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand The label is entailment.
Premise is a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other. Hypothesis is a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed bell pepper in one hand The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other. Hypothesis is a young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand The label is entailment.
Premise is man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow. Hypothesis is the man is at a farm. The label is neutral.
Premise is man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow. Hypothesis is the man is at home with his kids. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors and with animals. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground. Hypothesis is the people are betting money on this match The label is neutral.
Premise is a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground. Hypothesis is there are people wrestling The label is entailment.
Premise is a group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground. Hypothesis is the people are relaxing in their livingrooms The label is contradiction.
Premise is two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway. Hypothesis is there are multiple people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway. Hypothesis is the workers are brothers. The label is neutral.
Premise is two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway. Hypothesis is the workers are wearing black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object. Hypothesis is the man is using a grinder wearing red protective gear. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object. Hypothesis is there is a man working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object. Hypothesis is the man does not have any gear on. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher Hypothesis is a man throwing a stretcher. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher Hypothesis is a man on a stretcher. The label is entailment.
Premise is two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher Hypothesis is a man on a stretcher after falling from the third floor. The label is neutral.
Premise is three children are playing on a swing in the garden. Hypothesis is there are children outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children are playing on a swing in the garden. Hypothesis is three children are playing on a blue swing set. The label is neutral.
Premise is three children are playing on a swing in the garden. Hypothesis is three children are swimming in a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing. Hypothesis is three kids on a swing set The label is entailment.
Premise is three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing. Hypothesis is three kids in chairs taking tests The label is contradiction.
Premise is three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing. Hypothesis is three kids play at recess The label is neutral.
Premise is a man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head. Hypothesis is a man is going to kick another man The label is entailment.
Premise is a man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head. Hypothesis is a kitten drinks milk The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head. Hypothesis is a man is going to kick another man for stealing his watch The label is neutral.
Premise is a child looks at a cactus garden. Hypothesis is a child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child looks at a cactus garden. Hypothesis is a child is looking at a red wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child looks at a cactus garden. Hypothesis is a human is looking at plants. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing. Hypothesis is two people sit together The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing. Hypothesis is two people running a race The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing. Hypothesis is two people tell jokes The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby. Hypothesis is a man and woman show off their baby. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby. Hypothesis is a man shows off his baseball cards. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby. Hypothesis is the kid loves his new sibling. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow. Hypothesis is a crowd of people gathers in a street n winter time. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow. Hypothesis is sasquatch is riding a bike on the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow. Hypothesis is it is cold and snowy outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is the three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass. Hypothesis is the three young children are playing inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass. Hypothesis is the three young children are throwing the toilet paper around. The label is neutral.
Premise is the three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass. Hypothesis is the three young children are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two males and one female playing in a fountain of water. Hypothesis is there are three ladies playing in the fountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two males and one female playing in a fountain of water. Hypothesis is the men and woman are splashing each other in the fountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is two males and one female playing in a fountain of water. Hypothesis is there are people in the fountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind. Hypothesis is nobody has a shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind. Hypothesis is a person in a shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind. Hypothesis is a tall child in a shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag Hypothesis is a man is walking empty handed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag Hypothesis is a man is carrying a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag Hypothesis is a man is carrying a bag full of bread. The label is neutral.
Premise is men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain. Hypothesis is men are dancing in the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain. Hypothesis is it's raining heavily on a group of men. The label is neutral.
Premise is men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain. Hypothesis is men are getting wet with the rain. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are looking forward and laughing. Hypothesis is three men find something funny. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are looking forward and laughing. Hypothesis is three men are laughing at a joke The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are looking forward and laughing. Hypothesis is three men are sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street. Hypothesis is a woman covers part of her face. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street. Hypothesis is a woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert lights. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street. Hypothesis is a woman is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing at street corner in france. Hypothesis is some people are taking a tour of the factory. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people standing at street corner in france. Hypothesis is a group of people wait to cross a parisian street. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing at street corner in france. Hypothesis is there are people outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children in bathing suits are playing in foam Hypothesis is three kids are taking a batch The label is neutral.
Premise is three children in bathing suits are playing in foam Hypothesis is some kids play in some foam The label is entailment.
Premise is three children in bathing suits are playing in foam Hypothesis is adults at a foam party The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos. Hypothesis is the person water-skiing is about to hit a big wave. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos. Hypothesis is a person is driving an airplane over the mountains. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos. Hypothesis is the crowd is admiring the person water-skiing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple is taking a break from bicycling. Hypothesis is a couple are racing each other on their bikes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple is taking a break from bicycling. Hypothesis is a couple sit next to their bikes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple is taking a break from bicycling. Hypothesis is two people park their bikes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands. Hypothesis is a man and woman look at their hands in front of a building The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands. Hypothesis is a husband and wife look at their hands The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands. Hypothesis is two men look at each others hands The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other. Hypothesis is the two friends are reunited after years apart The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other. Hypothesis is the very differently dressed men sit next to each other The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other. Hypothesis is they run away from each other quickly The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white dog is running on a rocky beach. Hypothesis is it is daytime. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white dog is running on a rocky beach. Hypothesis is the dog is white. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog is running on a rocky beach. Hypothesis is a dog is on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is commuters wait for to cross a street. Hypothesis is a diver flips in mid-air. The label is contradiction.
Premise is commuters wait for to cross a street. Hypothesis is there is a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is commuters wait for to cross a street. Hypothesis is they wait to cross main street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball. Hypothesis is a man is on a golf course. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball. Hypothesis is a man wearing pants is walking toward a golf ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball. Hypothesis is a man is preparing to strike a golf ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches. Hypothesis is people are biking outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches. Hypothesis is people are surfing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches. Hypothesis is people are in a bike race. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog. Hypothesis is the person is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog. Hypothesis is the person is inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog. Hypothesis is they are walking their dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks. Hypothesis is a man is trying to finish his sculpture for a church The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a black shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a white shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. Hypothesis is babies are asleep The label is entailment.
Premise is two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. Hypothesis is twins are asleep The label is neutral.
Premise is two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs. Hypothesis is babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a florida beach The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform. Hypothesis is three men in red uniforms playing soccer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform. Hypothesis is three men playing soccer. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform. Hypothesis is an intense game of soccer at the world cup. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers. Hypothesis is a woman hunts for treasure. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers. Hypothesis is a man digs to see what he can find. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers. Hypothesis is a man is digging for gold. The label is neutral.
Premise is this is a clown at an elementary school. Hypothesis is the children at this school defintely all love clowns. The label is neutral.
Premise is this is a clown at an elementary school. Hypothesis is the clown is at a children's school. The label is entailment.
Premise is this is a clown at an elementary school. Hypothesis is the clown is there to entertain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women. Hypothesis is a woman is being fitted. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women. Hypothesis is a woman is being fitted for the first time. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women. Hypothesis is a woman got married. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is standing outside next to a garbage can. Hypothesis is a guy stands next to a trashcan. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is standing outside next to a garbage can. Hypothesis is a young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is standing outside next to a garbage can. Hypothesis is an owl sits in a tree late at night. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural. Hypothesis is the young woman is wearing a helmet. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural. Hypothesis is the young woman is riding a unicycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural. Hypothesis is a young woman skateboards on an outdoor basketball court. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees. Hypothesis is the dogs belong to the man The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees. Hypothesis is a man walking dogs The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees. Hypothesis is the wolves are killing the man The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach. Hypothesis is the girl with the dark hair is running in the sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach. Hypothesis is the dark haired girl is running away from a wave. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little dark-haired girl runs on the beach. Hypothesis is the dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day. Hypothesis is two men sit in the snow and smoke. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day. Hypothesis is a couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day. Hypothesis is two men fish in a boat on a river on a sunny day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence. Hypothesis is people are wearing sandals The label is entailment.
Premise is a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence. Hypothesis is they are going for a walk The label is entailment.
Premise is a male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence. Hypothesis is the man in workboots walked alone The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court. Hypothesis is the basketball player is taking a foul shot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court. Hypothesis is the basketball player is sitting on the bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court. Hypothesis is there is a basketball game. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her. Hypothesis is a lady in black leather trench coat, with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her. Hypothesis is several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her. Hypothesis is some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building The label is neutral.
Premise is birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean. Hypothesis is a man fishing at a harbor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean. Hypothesis is seagulls flying over the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean. Hypothesis is birds flying above a body of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is person parasailing with a board in the ocean. Hypothesis is this person is in the ocean. The label is entailment.
Premise is person parasailing with a board in the ocean. Hypothesis is this person is looking at other people. The label is neutral.
Premise is person parasailing with a board in the ocean. Hypothesis is this person is exploring mars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people gathered around a table with food and wine on it. Hypothesis is a man is riding a bicycle down the large hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people gathered around a table with food and wine on it. Hypothesis is the family is sitting at thanksgiving dinner, preparing to dine together. The label is neutral.
Premise is people gathered around a table with food and wine on it. Hypothesis is food and wine are on the table that has many people surrounding it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball. Hypothesis is a red shirted batter hits the pitch. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball. Hypothesis is a baseball game is going on in a park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball. Hypothesis is a naked man hit a baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall. Hypothesis is two men are in a shopping mall. The label is entailment.
Premise is man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall. Hypothesis is two clowns are performing at a mall. The label is neutral.
Premise is man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall. Hypothesis is two men are driving in the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in conversation while sitting at a bar. Hypothesis is two men in conversation while sitting on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in conversation while sitting at a bar. Hypothesis is some people in conversation while sitting at a bar. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in conversation while sitting at a bar. Hypothesis is two men in conversation. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men fixing a bicycle. Hypothesis is two men fix a bicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men fixing a bicycle. Hypothesis is two men work on a motorcycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men fixing a bicycle. Hypothesis is two men fix their bicycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background. Hypothesis is a man is trying to be closer to mature nature The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background. Hypothesis is a man is resting in a hammock The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background. Hypothesis is a man is resting in a stream The label is entailment.
Premise is a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch. Hypothesis is a person in a uniform The label is entailment.
Premise is a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch. Hypothesis is a tall person in a uniform The label is neutral.
Premise is a female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch. Hypothesis is nobody has a uniform The label is contradiction.
Premise is little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with toys. The label is entailment.
Premise is little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train. Hypothesis is a boy is playing his xbox. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train. Hypothesis is a boy is playing with his scale model train. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men walking in summer attire. Hypothesis is two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men walking in summer attire. Hypothesis is two men are walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men walking in summer attire. Hypothesis is two men are walking down the sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street. Hypothesis is an older man sleeps in a hospital bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man sleeping in a folding chair on the street. Hypothesis is a man is looking at the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body. Hypothesis is the man was laying by the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body. Hypothesis is a man was swimming in the pool. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body. Hypothesis is the man competed in the swimming competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is cars and people are outside of 'hotel carmel.' Hypothesis is the hotel stands empty and abandoned with no one in site. The label is contradiction.
Premise is cars and people are outside of 'hotel carmel.' Hypothesis is people get out of cars for the party at hotel carmel. The label is neutral.
Premise is cars and people are outside of 'hotel carmel.' Hypothesis is automobiles and humans are outside the hotel. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in an orange 'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. Hypothesis is a boy pitches the ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in an orange 'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. Hypothesis is a girl plays basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in an orange 'spring hill' ball team uniform, pitching the ball. Hypothesis is a boy plays pitcher for the first time. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe. Hypothesis is the men are paddling a canoe down a river The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe. Hypothesis is the two men are carrying a canoe The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe. Hypothesis is the men are stealing a canoe The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office. Hypothesis is the women are enemies. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office. Hypothesis is the women are not talking to each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office. Hypothesis is the women are speaking to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a woman is doing arithmetic at home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a woman is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill. Hypothesis is a woman skis down a hill with a few friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area. Hypothesis is two girls are sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area. Hypothesis is two girls are playing and having a fight on the snow The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area. Hypothesis is two girls are playing The label is entailment.
Premise is two fans are cheering at a sporting event. Hypothesis is two men are cheering on the new york yankees. The label is neutral.
Premise is two fans are cheering at a sporting event. Hypothesis is three gals are doing their makeup. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two fans are cheering at a sporting event. Hypothesis is two people are making noises. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a child are laughing at each other. Hypothesis is two people are laughing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a child are laughing at each other. Hypothesis is a man and his daughter are making funny faces. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a child are laughing at each other. Hypothesis is a man is talking on the phone while his teenage son is asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field. Hypothesis is the man eats pants The label is contradiction.
Premise is a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field. Hypothesis is the water flies off of the dog The label is entailment.
Premise is a wet dog shaking off excess water in a field. Hypothesis is the dog will return to the lake soon The label is neutral.
Premise is a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs. Hypothesis is the group of protesters are ordering ice cream in a store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs. Hypothesis is some people are holding up signs of protest in the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs. Hypothesis is the group of protesters are promoting legalizing gay marriage. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person swimming in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a person embraces the cold The label is neutral.
Premise is a person swimming in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a person is trying not to get wet The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person swimming in a swimming pool. Hypothesis is a person enjoying the waters The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy with no shirt is standing in water. Hypothesis is he is outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy with no shirt is standing in water. Hypothesis is the boy is sitting on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy with no shirt is standing in water. Hypothesis is he is wearing sunscreen. The label is neutral.
Premise is gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas. Hypothesis is the man sketched on paper. The label is entailment.
Premise is gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas. Hypothesis is the man sketched on paper for his girlfriend. The label is neutral.
Premise is gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas. Hypothesis is the woman drew on canvas. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall. Hypothesis is a red kyak is being ridden. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall. Hypothesis is a guy is working out in the gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall. Hypothesis is a kayak is being ridden. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating. Hypothesis is a group of women is drinking wine. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating. Hypothesis is two men at a party are inspecting the appetizers. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating. Hypothesis is there are two men with food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people. Hypothesis is a big person in a shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people. Hypothesis is a person in a shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people. Hypothesis is nobody has a shirt on The label is contradiction.
Premise is two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase. Hypothesis is two ladies nap on a bench The label is entailment.
Premise is two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase. Hypothesis is two ladies take a rest after a race The label is neutral.
Premise is two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase. Hypothesis is two ladies jumping for joy The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside. Hypothesis is a person outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside. Hypothesis is a person standing The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in sunglasses, a scarf, a shirt, and jeans is walking outside. Hypothesis is a person laying down The label is contradiction.
Premise is man sitting on a bench, reading a book. Hypothesis is a man is doing something outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is man sitting on a bench, reading a book. Hypothesis is a male reads a book while seated on a bench. The label is entailment.
Premise is man sitting on a bench, reading a book. Hypothesis is a man is going for a run. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in an office making a phone call Hypothesis is a woman is making a business phone call. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in an office making a phone call Hypothesis is a woman is making a phone call in an office environment. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in an office making a phone call Hypothesis is a woman is sleeping in an elevator. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the large white bird grazes the water. Hypothesis is the bird is in a tiny cage The label is contradiction.
Premise is the large white bird grazes the water. Hypothesis is he is searching for fish The label is neutral.
Premise is the large white bird grazes the water. Hypothesis is the bird is touching the water The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall. Hypothesis is a woman is pointing her camera upwards, while standing at a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall. Hypothesis is a woman is attempting to photograph a bird in the sky. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a hot dog, sitting on a brick wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat. Hypothesis is two men are on a boat going to catch fish. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat. Hypothesis is two men are on a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat. Hypothesis is two men are driving a car in a forest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards. Hypothesis is a young woman and old man are playing poker. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards. Hypothesis is an old woman and young man are playing bingo. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards. Hypothesis is a woman and man are checking their bingo cards to see if they won The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her. Hypothesis is a woman is standing with her back to a dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her. Hypothesis is a woman is attempting an eating competition at a festival. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her. Hypothesis is there are people surrounding each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a moving truck with a ramp still attached. Hypothesis is a moving truck ready to move more belongings. The label is neutral.
Premise is a moving truck with a ramp still attached. Hypothesis is a moving truck being disassembled. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a moving truck with a ramp still attached. Hypothesis is a truck with a ramp attached. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously. Hypothesis is a boy is playing a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously. Hypothesis is a boy is on his bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two older men walk down a defaced street The label is entailment.
Premise is two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is they hope to clean up the street together The label is neutral.
Premise is two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is they propel themselves down the street with rockets The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic. Hypothesis is the traffic made a guy fall asleep. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic. Hypothesis is a person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic. Hypothesis is the traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background Hypothesis is some girls are watching cartoons. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background Hypothesis is some men are posing with their gold medals. The label is neutral.
Premise is 3 olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background Hypothesis is some people are having their photo taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men working in a small factory. Hypothesis is two men in a tool plant. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men working in a small factory. Hypothesis is two women having lunch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men working in a small factory. Hypothesis is men working in a factory. The label is entailment.
Premise is a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo. Hypothesis is cowboy feeding his horse The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo. Hypothesis is cowboy competing in a rodeo The label is entailment.
Premise is a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo. Hypothesis is cowboy riding his horse The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow. Hypothesis is a man is skiing on a warm day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow. Hypothesis is a man is bundled up against the cold as he skis. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow. Hypothesis is there is a man on skis. The label is entailment.
Premise is while the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle, a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football. Hypothesis is a kicker kicks off the game while the players mingle to surprise the other team. The label is neutral.
Premise is while the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle, a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football. Hypothesis is a ball is kicked while players mingle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on. Hypothesis is a kid draws a picture of a girl The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on. Hypothesis is a kid paints a picture The label is entailment.
Premise is a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on. Hypothesis is a kid draws a picture of his crush The label is neutral.
Premise is people in chairs around a table Hypothesis is the people are eating dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is people in chairs around a table Hypothesis is the people have eybrows. The label is neutral.
Premise is people in chairs around a table Hypothesis is the people are climbing a mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign. Hypothesis is a person riding a bike home after work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign. Hypothesis is a person riding a bike outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign. Hypothesis is a person riding a skateboard down a steep hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags. Hypothesis is a lady is taking a bath The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags. Hypothesis is a lady just finished shopping The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags. Hypothesis is a lady has her arms full The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing. Hypothesis is the little boy is the ring bearer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing. Hypothesis is there is a bride and groom behind the little boy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing. Hypothesis is the little boy is laying on his head. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street. Hypothesis is a blue jacketed boy is skating down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street. Hypothesis is a blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street. Hypothesis is a blue jacketed boy is standing in football field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water. Hypothesis is a man is fishing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water. Hypothesis is a man is playing golf with his friends. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water. Hypothesis is a man is fishing on a boat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer Hypothesis is the soccer players compete in the championship The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer Hypothesis is they give up and walk off the field The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer Hypothesis is the two soccer players run around chasing each other The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down. Hypothesis is a man in green threw his soccer ball at the dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down. Hypothesis is a man wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a man wearing a purple and white outfit falls down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass. Hypothesis is a man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass. Hypothesis is a man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass. Hypothesis is a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are seated The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are standing The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are talking The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing pink pulls weeds. Hypothesis is she is indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl wearing pink pulls weeds. Hypothesis is the girl is gardening. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl wearing pink pulls weeds. Hypothesis is the girl is destroying plant life. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background Hypothesis is the season is fall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background Hypothesis is the girl is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background Hypothesis is the girl is on a beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people looking at dirty water. Hypothesis is people are looking at water. The label is entailment.
Premise is people looking at dirty water. Hypothesis is a mountain is full of snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people looking at dirty water. Hypothesis is people are trying to see fish. The label is neutral.
Premise is a number of cute asian children playing tambourines Hypothesis is a group of cute asian children are playing tambourines The label is entailment.
Premise is a number of cute asian children playing tambourines Hypothesis is a group of cute asian children are beating on tambourines The label is entailment.
Premise is a number of cute asian children playing tambourines Hypothesis is a group of cute asian children are playing trumpets The label is contradiction.
Premise is family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by. Hypothesis is two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by. Hypothesis is no one is sitting in the field of grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by. Hypothesis is the family is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water. Hypothesis is two young friends play with ducks The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water. Hypothesis is young kids play with animals The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys playing with ducks near the water. Hypothesis is two young boys are playing at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road. Hypothesis is a squirrel is situated in an upright position near the road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road. Hypothesis is a squirrel is sleeping in the tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap is diving off a cliff. Hypothesis is the man is attempting suicide. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming cap is diving off a cliff. Hypothesis is a man in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks. Hypothesis is a little girl is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks. Hypothesis is a little girl is wearing a pink dress. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks. Hypothesis is a little girl is wearing a dress. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street. Hypothesis is there is a group near a store. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street. Hypothesis is a group of people are considering whether to shop at the store. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people kickboxing, with others spectating. Hypothesis is this is an official boxing match The label is neutral.
Premise is two people kickboxing, with others spectating. Hypothesis is two people fighting each other The label is entailment.
Premise is two people kickboxing, with others spectating. Hypothesis is two people ticking each other The label is contradiction.
Premise is one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him. Hypothesis is two men are by the river The label is entailment.
Premise is one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him. Hypothesis is a father and son are fishing together The label is neutral.
Premise is one many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him. Hypothesis is a man is in the desert The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt. Hypothesis is men talking, while catching fish. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt. Hypothesis is guys at a campsite, building a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt. Hypothesis is a man is having a conversation with his friend while fishing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman sitting down laughing. Hypothesis is the man and woman are mad at each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman sitting down laughing. Hypothesis is the man and woman are having a good time. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman sitting down laughing. Hypothesis is the man and woman are husband and wife. The label is neutral.
Premise is a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence. Hypothesis is there are people outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence. Hypothesis is a news crew investigates a double homicide, while the police place tape outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence. Hypothesis is a news crew's van has broken down, so they decide to stay home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket. Hypothesis is a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket. Hypothesis is a boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket. Hypothesis is a boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera. Hypothesis is the women are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the woods. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera. Hypothesis is the women posing are models. The label is neutral.
Premise is women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera. Hypothesis is the women are dressed nicely. The label is neutral.
Premise is five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes. Hypothesis is five sisters wearing red and black attire are getting ready to take a family portrait. The label is neutral.
Premise is five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes. Hypothesis is a group of women are dressed alike. The label is entailment.
Premise is five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes. Hypothesis is five women wearing red formal ball gowns are standing together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is cheerleaders pose for the camera. Hypothesis is the cheerleaders are getting their picture taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is cheerleaders pose for the camera. Hypothesis is they are at a photo shoot. The label is neutral.
Premise is cheerleaders pose for the camera. Hypothesis is the cheerleaders are not posing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen. Hypothesis is a group of women are cleaning a house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen. Hypothesis is there is a group of women a the deli. The label is entailment.
Premise is three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen. Hypothesis is a grandmother, a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and little girl look into a display case. Hypothesis is a women is sitting alone on a couch with no other human around. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman and little girl look into a display case. Hypothesis is a women is buying a little girl a present. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and little girl look into a display case. Hypothesis is a women and little girl are looking at something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack. Hypothesis is a man skis in the wilderness while it's snowing The label is neutral.
Premise is a man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack. Hypothesis is the man is seated The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack. Hypothesis is a man skis in the wilderness The label is entailment.
Premise is a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet. Hypothesis is a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game The label is entailment.
Premise is a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet. Hypothesis is a photographer is taking many photos of a hockey game The label is entailment.
Premise is a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game, but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet. Hypothesis is a photographer is taking x-rays of a hockey game The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs wearing muzzles are running. Hypothesis is two dogs are eating The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs wearing muzzles are running. Hypothesis is the dogs are running away The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs wearing muzzles are running. Hypothesis is there are dogs with muzzles The label is entailment.
Premise is construction worker working on a structure Hypothesis is a man is building a house. The label is neutral.
Premise is construction worker working on a structure Hypothesis is a worker is working on a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is construction worker working on a structure Hypothesis is a man is working on a computer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. Hypothesis is a crowd sees flames. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. Hypothesis is a crowd gathers to watch a street performer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd gathers and watches a bonfire. Hypothesis is a crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a table eating food. Hypothesis is people are at a table eating christmas dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a table eating food. Hypothesis is a person eats a tv dinner while sitting on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people sitting around a table eating food. Hypothesis is people are at a table eating food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar. Hypothesis is a boy is playing guitar. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar. Hypothesis is a boy is singing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar. Hypothesis is a boy is playing piano. The label is contradiction.
Premise is city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange. Hypothesis is the sports fans are wearing a certain color. The label is entailment.
Premise is city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange. Hypothesis is the sports fans are wearing orange shirts. The label is entailment.
Premise is city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange. Hypothesis is the sports fans are wearing yellow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on. Hypothesis is child blows up a balloon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on. Hypothesis is child watches woman playing with equipment. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on. Hypothesis is mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her son. The label is neutral.
Premise is two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor. Hypothesis is two well dressed boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home. The label is neutral.
Premise is two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor. Hypothesis is two groomsmen sit on a carpet dressed in tuxedos. The label is neutral.
Premise is two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor. Hypothesis is two small boys draw picturees of trees outside in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a man in an empty park The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a man is a comedian The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a man talking to a crowd The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand. Hypothesis is the teenager is seated. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand. Hypothesis is the teenager is sliding down the railing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand. Hypothesis is the teenager is sitting down to think for a bit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl jumping high off of the sand. Hypothesis is there is a girl on the sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl jumping high off of the sand. Hypothesis is the girl is jogging on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt Hypothesis is there is someone sleeping on the couch. The label is entailment.
Premise is man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt Hypothesis is the man fell asleep wearing his shoes. The label is neutral.
Premise is man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt Hypothesis is the man is sitting there watching tv The label is contradiction.
Premise is a picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area. Hypothesis is a man is being carried by birds. The label is entailment.
Premise is a picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area. Hypothesis is the picture is of a man riding on a dinosaur's back. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone. Hypothesis is a lady with her eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone. Hypothesis is a man plays an instruement with his eyes closed The label is entailment.
Premise is a gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone. Hypothesis is the man is playing an old favorite tune on the flugelhorn. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling. Hypothesis is a happy woman is holding rope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling. Hypothesis is a woman is trying to lasso a cow that escaped. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling. Hypothesis is a female acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer. Hypothesis is a man adjusts his tie looking at a laptop The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer. Hypothesis is a woman adjusts her bra The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjust his tie while looking at a apple laptop computer. Hypothesis is a man adjusts his new tie in front of a laptop The label is entailment.
Premise is man is shaving in the mirror. Hypothesis is the man has no facial hair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man is shaving in the mirror. Hypothesis is the man's beard is quite long. The label is neutral.
Premise is man is shaving in the mirror. Hypothesis is the man has a beard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves. Hypothesis is three boys hold baseball gloves. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves. Hypothesis is three boys are holding gloves. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves. Hypothesis is three boys are preparing for their big game that is about to start. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves. Hypothesis is the three boys swing baseball bats The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves. Hypothesis is three boys play volleyball as others watch them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site. Hypothesis is the workers are making coffee inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site. Hypothesis is the workers are climbing to build the steeple. The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site. Hypothesis is two workers are climbing a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings. Hypothesis is construction workers are brave. The label is neutral.
Premise is construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings. Hypothesis is construction workers are having fun smashing windows. The label is contradiction.
Premise is construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings. Hypothesis is construction workers are making repairs. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people climbing up some sort of wore structure. Hypothesis is two people climb up a structure The label is entailment.
Premise is two people climbing up some sort of wore structure. Hypothesis is two people race up a structure The label is neutral.
Premise is two people climbing up some sort of wore structure. Hypothesis is two people take a ship to the moon The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men with tan hats working in a garden. Hypothesis is the women in dainty dresses look out over the farm. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men with tan hats working in a garden. Hypothesis is two men are tending to the garden. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men with tan hats working in a garden. Hypothesis is the men with the tan hats are looking over their winter crops. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass. Hypothesis is a group of kids poked at the two small turtles. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass. Hypothesis is a group of kids were playing in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of four children poke at two small turtles in the grass. Hypothesis is a group of adults went to the casino. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children are petting small turtles in the grass. Hypothesis is the children are playing with turtles. The label is entailment.
Premise is children are petting small turtles in the grass. Hypothesis is the sea turtles are inside the aquarium. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children are petting small turtles in the grass. Hypothesis is the turtles are walking across the grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman standing in a store with an item in hand. Hypothesis is a woman in a store is shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is woman standing in a store with an item in hand. Hypothesis is a woman is in the store. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches. Hypothesis is the woman is very good at hula hooping. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches. Hypothesis is a woman is painted with yellow body paint. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches. Hypothesis is a woman is painted green while holding a hula hoop. The label is entailment.
Premise is two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers. Hypothesis is women perform. The label is entailment.
Premise is two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers. Hypothesis is people are nearby. The label is entailment.
Premise is two green painted women perform for a crowd of onlookers. Hypothesis is irises bloom paisley. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line. Hypothesis is a boxer is kayaking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line. Hypothesis is tennis player is playing tennis. The label is entailment.
Premise is the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line. Hypothesis is the tennis player is winning the game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street. Hypothesis is a policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street. Hypothesis is a person is on a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street. Hypothesis is the fireman is sitting in his truck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three dogs run through the grass. Hypothesis is three dogs run through the dead, brown grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is three dogs run through the grass. Hypothesis is three dogs sleep in the shade of an old tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three dogs run through the grass. Hypothesis is three dogs run. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls are kneeling on the ground. Hypothesis is two girls kneel together on the ground. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls are kneeling on the ground. Hypothesis is two girls kneel on the ground looking for a ring one had dropped. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls are kneeling on the ground. Hypothesis is two girls stand around the vending machines. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man. Hypothesis is a young boy and girl embrace in front of monkeys at the zoo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man. Hypothesis is a drunk looking couple embracing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man. Hypothesis is a drunk looking woman in a yankees shirt is hugging a drunk looking man in a red sox shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river. Hypothesis is the people are from the same family. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river. Hypothesis is several people are standing outside near water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river. Hypothesis is the amish group are running through a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team. Hypothesis is a man tries to tackle a player in a nfl game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team. Hypothesis is a man tries to tackle a player in a game of football. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team. Hypothesis is a man throws the first pitch in a baseball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and a girl stand in a median amongst mike huckabee signs. Hypothesis is the boy and girl stand on the lakeshore. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy and a girl stand in a median amongst mike huckabee signs. Hypothesis is two people stand on a median with advertising signs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is hanging sausages in a market. Hypothesis is a sad man is hanging sausages in a market. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is hanging sausages in a market. Hypothesis is a woman is hanging sausages in a market. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is hanging sausages in a market. Hypothesis is a person is hanging sausages in a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone. Hypothesis is the people are business associates. The label is neutral.
Premise is people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone. Hypothesis is the people are dressed in business clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is people dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone. Hypothesis is the people are dressed in street clothes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument. Hypothesis is the man is standing inside a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument. Hypothesis is the man is playing music outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument. Hypothesis is the man is playing a saxophone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk. Hypothesis is a tattooed man clicking on a mouse on a desk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk. Hypothesis is a large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk. Hypothesis is a woman clicking on a mouse on a desk. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path. Hypothesis is the person is doing a job for someone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path. Hypothesis is the person is wading through water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path. Hypothesis is the person is walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her. Hypothesis is lady is searching for food in garbage The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her. Hypothesis is lady digs through garbage The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her. Hypothesis is lady is making burger for her kids The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman look upward on a city block. Hypothesis is a man and woman are scuba diving. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman look upward on a city block. Hypothesis is a man and woman are on a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman look upward on a city block. Hypothesis is a man and woman are in a metropolitan area. The label is entailment.
Premise is the black woman is laying out literature. Hypothesis is the black woman is toasting marshmallows on a barbecue grill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the black woman is laying out literature. Hypothesis is a woman is placing pamphlets on a display table. The label is neutral.
Premise is the black woman is laying out literature. Hypothesis is a black woman is handling printed material. The label is entailment.
Premise is a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in has mouth. Hypothesis is a member of the army walks his dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in has mouth. Hypothesis is a member of the army walks a german shepard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a member of the army is walking with a german shepard while the dog has something in has mouth. Hypothesis is a member of the army practices his sniping skills. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain. Hypothesis is no one was able to drive to the camp site. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain. Hypothesis is cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. Hypothesis is for boys are flexing The label is entailment.
Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. Hypothesis is 4 women are dancing The label is contradiction.
Premise is four young boys flexing for the camera. Hypothesis is they are friends The label is neutral.
Premise is the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire. Hypothesis is a firefighter rescues a cat from a house fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire. Hypothesis is a firefighter is about to put out a fire. The label is entailment.
Premise is the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire. Hypothesis is a male firefighter checks his hose before using it. The label is neutral.
Premise is man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike. Hypothesis is a man rides a bike for the first time The label is neutral.
Premise is man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike. Hypothesis is a bike rides a man for its first time The label is neutral.
Premise is man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike. Hypothesis is a man rides a bike The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as santa claws. Hypothesis is a boy and his father speak to santa claus The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as santa claws. Hypothesis is a girl and his father speak to santa claus The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as santa claws. Hypothesis is a boy and his father discuss christmas with santa claus The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas. Hypothesis is a man talks to his boss while getting gas for his car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas. Hypothesis is a man is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas. Hypothesis is a man orders a beer and relaxes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight. Hypothesis is outdoor daytime scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight. Hypothesis is a school class visits the museum of modern art. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight. Hypothesis is the men are very careful on the scaffold. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon. Hypothesis is a little boy is eating cake The label is entailment.
Premise is a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon. Hypothesis is a boy is eating cake The label is entailment.
Premise is a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon. Hypothesis is a girl is eating cake The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand. Hypothesis is a child has chocolate all over his hand The label is entailment.
Premise is a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand. Hypothesis is a child is eating vegetables The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand. Hypothesis is a child eats food with his hands The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a hard hat looks intimidated. Hypothesis is he is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a hard hat looks intimidated. Hypothesis is he exclaims that he's done with this work, sprouts wings, and flies away. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a hard hat looks intimidated. Hypothesis is the man is the foreman of the construction site. The label is neutral.
Premise is six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table. Hypothesis is a man and a young boy are playing a game on a quilt on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table. Hypothesis is books are strewn on a table as women look through them. The label is entailment.
Premise is six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table. Hypothesis is women are looking at books on sale at a library. The label is neutral.
Premise is children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass. Hypothesis is turtles are crawling in the light green grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass. Hypothesis is turtles are crawling in the green grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass. Hypothesis is turtles are crawling in the white grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is an adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal. Hypothesis is a child blocks a goal. The label is entailment.
Premise is an adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal. Hypothesis is a child blocks a goal with his hockey stick. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal. Hypothesis is a child blocks a goal with his head. The label is neutral.
Premise is four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by. Hypothesis is four people sitting by the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by. Hypothesis is four people sitting near the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by. Hypothesis is four people sitting on a yacht. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture Hypothesis is a women is skiing of the mountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture Hypothesis is a long haired guy is working with sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture Hypothesis is a guy is in a sand castle building competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium. Hypothesis is a volleyball team is performing in a national competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is a women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium. Hypothesis is a volleyball team is at a beach celebrating. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium. Hypothesis is a sports team is in a gym. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young lady toying with her watch. Hypothesis is a woman is adjusting the time on her watch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young lady toying with her watch. Hypothesis is a woman is fidgeting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young lady toying with her watch. Hypothesis is a woman is fidgeting with her wallet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the woman is running through the woods. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the lady is walking to meet up with her date. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is the woman in a red dress is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls looking into camera and smiling Hypothesis is two happy girls get their pictures taken. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls looking into camera and smiling Hypothesis is the weeping girls have their picture painted. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls looking into camera and smiling Hypothesis is two girls grin into the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background. Hypothesis is the street is dry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background. Hypothesis is there is more than one woman in the group. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background. Hypothesis is the women each have umbrellas. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is a woman is walking to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is a woman rides a bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman walking down the street. Hypothesis is a lady is walking down a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two kids in their pajamas. Hypothesis is a couple of children are wearing pajamas. The label is entailment.
Premise is two kids in their pajamas. Hypothesis is two kids are wearing pjs on pajama day at school. The label is neutral.
Premise is two kids in their pajamas. Hypothesis is two children are wearing bright bathing suits at the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is running on the track. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is talking to her boyfriend on the phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is talking on her phone and walking down a sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace. Hypothesis is a female is outdoors at a bazaar. The label is entailment.
Premise is an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace. Hypothesis is an indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice. The label is neutral.
Premise is an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace. Hypothesis is an american shops at the supermarket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady stands outside of a mexican market. Hypothesis is a girl is enjoying food at a mexican festival with friends The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady stands outside of a mexican market. Hypothesis is cats enjoy taco The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady stands outside of a mexican market. Hypothesis is a girl is enjoying food at a mexican festival The label is neutral.
Premise is the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening. Hypothesis is the man is respected. The label is neutral.
Premise is the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening. Hypothesis is the man is being given respect. The label is entailment.
Premise is the gentleman is speaking while the others are listening. Hypothesis is the man is not talking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building. Hypothesis is the building is brick. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building. Hypothesis is the building is old. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building. Hypothesis is there is a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy. Hypothesis is a street performer and young boy are entertaining passersby. The label is entailment.
Premise is a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy. Hypothesis is a street performer is working with an apprentice. The label is neutral.
Premise is a street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy. Hypothesis is a boy is performing on stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. Hypothesis is some motorcycles wearing black outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. Hypothesis is few motorcycles in black. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of motorcycles wearing black. Hypothesis is some motorcycles wearing white. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk. Hypothesis is a person sweeps. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk. Hypothesis is a woman mops. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk. Hypothesis is the garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled. The label is neutral.
Premise is young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him. Hypothesis is hipsters hang out outside of a cafe on a sunny day. The label is neutral.
Premise is young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him. Hypothesis is gandalf and the red toy crab do battle in the streets. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him. Hypothesis is the older bearded man is indeed gandalf the grey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking. Hypothesis is men are throwing books and talking outside in a courtyard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking. Hypothesis is men are reading and milling about. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking. Hypothesis is a group of males are outside reading and singing. The label is neutral.
Premise is rose petals being thrown at an asian couple. Hypothesis is an asian couple are together. The label is entailment.
Premise is rose petals being thrown at an asian couple. Hypothesis is a black couple are eating lunch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is rose petals being thrown at an asian couple. Hypothesis is a couple just got married. The label is neutral.
Premise is two friends having a laugh. Hypothesis is two friends are laughing at people on the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is two friends having a laugh. Hypothesis is two friends are laughing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two friends having a laugh. Hypothesis is two friends are having a picnic. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman are laughing. Hypothesis is a man and woman are laughing at a joke. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are laughing. Hypothesis is two people are happy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are laughing. Hypothesis is two people are crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore. Hypothesis is a man is playing video games on his phone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore. Hypothesis is a man is reading a book he just bought. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore. Hypothesis is a man is reading on a bench outside of a store. The label is entailment.
Premise is at least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink. Hypothesis is people don't know how to skate. The label is contradiction.
Premise is at least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink. Hypothesis is people are rollerblading for something to do. The label is neutral.
Premise is at least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink. Hypothesis is people are skating in a park for fun. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are shopping around christmas time for decorations. Hypothesis is people are in the mall shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are shopping around christmas time for decorations. Hypothesis is people are buying fireworks at a dealer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are shopping around christmas time for decorations. Hypothesis is people are buying things. The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge. Hypothesis is everybody has a shirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge. Hypothesis is a tall person without a shirt The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge. Hypothesis is a man without a shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her. Hypothesis is two babies play in the grass The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her. Hypothesis is a individual on a table holds a water near a stroller The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her. Hypothesis is a mom takes a break in a park The label is neutral.
Premise is lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train. Hypothesis is the lady is listening to music through headphones. The label is neutral.
Premise is lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train. Hypothesis is the lady is reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train. Hypothesis is there is a lady with an orange scarf, brown boots, and brown jacket on the train listening to music. The label is entailment.
Premise is a yellow car drives across a snowy path. Hypothesis is a yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter. The label is entailment.
Premise is a yellow car drives across a snowy path. Hypothesis is a red car is driving on a sunny day. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a yellow car drives across a snowy path. Hypothesis is a taxi cab is driving down a path of snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him Hypothesis is that man is on a surfboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him Hypothesis is the man is riding a flying surfboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him Hypothesis is the man is surfing outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents. Hypothesis is a crowd of people stand in the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents. Hypothesis is a crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents. Hypothesis is a crowd of people pick through produce at farmer's market. The label is neutral.
Premise is four people stand in front of trees. Hypothesis is a group of people inspecting trees for woodpeckers. The label is neutral.
Premise is four people stand in front of trees. Hypothesis is four people outdoor. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people stand in front of trees. Hypothesis is one guy eating lunch in front of a building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event. Hypothesis is the young couple are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event. Hypothesis is no one has attended the outdoor street event. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event. Hypothesis is the outdoor street event has attracted many people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent. Hypothesis is kid celebrates at a birthday party The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent. Hypothesis is rent your own bouncy house today The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent. Hypothesis is here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand. Hypothesis is the cars are driving through an empty field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand. Hypothesis is vehicles are going down a street in thailand. The label is entailment.
Premise is several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of thailand. Hypothesis is vehicles are moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is elderly woman climbing up the stairs. Hypothesis is the old lady was walking. The label is neutral.
Premise is elderly woman climbing up the stairs. Hypothesis is the young lady was walking down the stairs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is elderly woman climbing up the stairs. Hypothesis is the old lady was walking up the stairs. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face. Hypothesis is the man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry. Hypothesis is teens are washing a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry. Hypothesis is group of teens are doing laundry. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry. Hypothesis is group of teens are at a laundromat, folding clothes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow. Hypothesis is a child plays in the snow while dressed in warm winter clothes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow. Hypothesis is a child plays video games inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow. Hypothesis is a child plays with a sled in the snow while dressed warmly. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel. Hypothesis is an older man is dancing at a club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel. Hypothesis is an older man in clothing accessories is cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel. Hypothesis is an older man in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall. Hypothesis is the man is in costume The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall. Hypothesis is the man is at a faire The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall. Hypothesis is the man is in jeans The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs. Hypothesis is a girl is climbing up a ladder. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl with purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs. Hypothesis is a girl is climbing up to see scenery. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps. Hypothesis is a group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps. Hypothesis is a group of people are sitting with a dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people and a dog sitting on the steps. Hypothesis is a group of dogs are waiting for their master. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a blue uniform, with long curly red-hair, looking at her horse before the race. Hypothesis is the horse is dead. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a blue uniform, with long curly red-hair, looking at her horse before the race. Hypothesis is the horse has four legs The label is entailment.
Premise is the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches. Hypothesis is two guys are rollerblading. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches. Hypothesis is a skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water. Hypothesis is a man is testing out his new miniature boats. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water. Hypothesis is a woman is putting on mascara. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water. Hypothesis is a man has hair on his face. The label is entailment.
Premise is a farmer tends to his chores. Hypothesis is a farmer sleeps in a hammock. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a farmer tends to his chores. Hypothesis is a farmer works on their farm. The label is entailment.
Premise is a farmer tends to his chores. Hypothesis is a farmer feeds their cows. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair. Hypothesis is a guy is doing snowboard tricks The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair. Hypothesis is a guy is in a hot, sunny place The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair. Hypothesis is a guy is outside in the snow The label is entailment.
Premise is twenty five people are marching. Hypothesis is a man plays the trombone on the sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is twenty five people are marching. Hypothesis is a marching crowd goes down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is twenty five people are marching. Hypothesis is a big group marches around. The label is entailment.
Premise is a older man working at a loom Hypothesis is a young man at the loom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a older man working at a loom Hypothesis is an old man looming some threads. The label is entailment.
Premise is a older man working at a loom Hypothesis is an old man inspecting the process of looming. The label is neutral.
Premise is four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops. Hypothesis is a group of women shopping for a new laptop. The label is neutral.
Premise is four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops. Hypothesis is a group of men looking at fishing poles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops. Hypothesis is a group of women looking at laptops together. The label is entailment.
Premise is many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart. Hypothesis is women are shopping for computers at a large store. The label is entailment.
Premise is many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart. Hypothesis is women are shopping for dell computers. The label is neutral.
Premise is many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart. Hypothesis is women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dad with his child and an apple pie. Hypothesis is a dad and his daughter with an blueberry pie. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dad with his child and an apple pie. Hypothesis is a dad and his child are eating apple pie. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dad with his child and an apple pie. Hypothesis is a dad is with his child. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt. Hypothesis is a woman is in the sunshine. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt. Hypothesis is a woman is brushing her hair with a fork. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt. Hypothesis is a woman is reading outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch. Hypothesis is a boy is holding a watermelon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch. Hypothesis is a boy is getting ready to carve his pumpkin. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch. Hypothesis is a child is holding something orange. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water. Hypothesis is the man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a dress while dancing in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water. Hypothesis is the man wearing a hat is seated, slightly elevated, facing the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water. Hypothesis is a dog stands in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water. Hypothesis is two dogs play together at the lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water. Hypothesis is the pets sit inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph Hypothesis is a group of people got ran over by a bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph Hypothesis is a group of people are watching a shuttle launch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph Hypothesis is a group of people are watching something and one takes a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist Hypothesis is a pair of strippers do a dance The label is neutral.
Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist Hypothesis is a woman wears lingerie. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist Hypothesis is two women don't wear much clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two small girls are holding stuffed animals. Hypothesis is there are two children in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is two small girls are holding stuffed animals. Hypothesis is the girls are showing their mother the presents the easter bunny left them in their easter basket. The label is neutral.
Premise is two small girls are holding stuffed animals. Hypothesis is the girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some children play in the grass outside near a tree. Hypothesis is children playing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is some children play in the grass outside near a tree. Hypothesis is children swimming in a pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some children play in the grass outside near a tree. Hypothesis is children playing outside climbing trees. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is a dog is playing fetch with his owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is a dog is eating from a bright silver bowl. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is a dog mouth holds a retrieved ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball. Hypothesis is two man walking on the road in rain The label is contradiction.
Premise is the basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball. Hypothesis is a orange uniform basketball player with ball is guarded by, a blue uniform opponent team player The label is entailment.
Premise is the basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball. Hypothesis is two players struggling to get the ball The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is the outfits are orange. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is a couple is wearing bright outfits. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is the couple is naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench. Hypothesis is a young woman reads near the ocean. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench. Hypothesis is a young woman is reading a nicholas sparks book on the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench. Hypothesis is a young woman is running through the waves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog. Hypothesis is two dogs sleep on the floor. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog. Hypothesis is two dogs play. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog. Hypothesis is two dogs play with a chew toy. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street. Hypothesis is the man is vangogh. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street. Hypothesis is the man is a tattoo artist. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street. Hypothesis is the man works with a tattoo business. The label is entailment.
Premise is people looking at tall oriental art piece. Hypothesis is the new chinese history exhibit is open at the museum The label is neutral.
Premise is people looking at tall oriental art piece. Hypothesis is people are looking at art The label is entailment.
Premise is people looking at tall oriental art piece. Hypothesis is people are running a marathon The label is contradiction.
Premise is an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate. Hypothesis is an obama supporter is upset that the president lost his second term. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate. Hypothesis is a man is at a political rally. The label is neutral.
Premise is an obama biden supporter cheers for the presidential candidate and his running mate. Hypothesis is someone is cheering for a presidential candidate. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top. Hypothesis is he is a professional musician. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a suit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a baseball cap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man examines his facial hair. Hypothesis is the man is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man examines his facial hair. Hypothesis is he is deciding whether he should trim his beard. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man examines his facial hair. Hypothesis is the man is looking at his face. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of sports center. Hypothesis is people are walking in a road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of sports center. Hypothesis is people watching sports. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men watching one man make a golf putt on the set of sports center. Hypothesis is there are people in a sports center. The label is entailment.
Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. Hypothesis is the cyclist falls down the windy road The label is neutral.
Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. Hypothesis is a cyclist rides down a road The label is entailment.
Premise is a solo cyclist is riding down a windy road. Hypothesis is the cyclist is not riding The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian technology demonstration of computers and other gadgets. Hypothesis is an asian shows computers. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian technology demonstration of computers and other gadgets. Hypothesis is the asian likes mexican food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a border collie is jumping to catching a toy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a dog is mid-air, jumping to catch a tennis ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball. Hypothesis is a dog is napping on the bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people having a conversation. Hypothesis is multiple people talk to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people having a conversation. Hypothesis is people are talking about politics. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people having a conversation. Hypothesis is people are washing the dishes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery. Hypothesis is the man is wearing tan pants. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery. Hypothesis is the man is examining a machine. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery. Hypothesis is the man is a repairman. The label is neutral.
Premise is the german shepherd runs happily in the park. Hypothesis is dog runs outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is the german shepherd runs happily in the park. Hypothesis is dog runs outside with his owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is the german shepherd runs happily in the park. Hypothesis is dog lays down outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers. Hypothesis is a man is standing in front of flowers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers. Hypothesis is a man just got back from a business trip. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers. Hypothesis is thi The label is contradiction.
Premise is a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike. Hypothesis is some people are scuba diving. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike. Hypothesis is a bunch of people are playing a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is a game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike. Hypothesis is a boy is about to hit a home run. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture. Hypothesis is uniformed people are eating The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture. Hypothesis is uniformed people are observing a scene The label is entailment.
Premise is three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture. Hypothesis is uniformed people are outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope. Hypothesis is a man is looking through a microscope The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope. Hypothesis is a lifeguard sits by the pool The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope. Hypothesis is a scientist is inspecting a new strain of virus The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green is practicing kicking. Hypothesis is the young boy is playing soccer The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green is practicing kicking. Hypothesis is the young boy is wearing black The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in green is practicing kicking. Hypothesis is the your boy is excercizing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box. Hypothesis is a woman packages candy for a friend The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box. Hypothesis is a woman sews a dress The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box. Hypothesis is a woman puts candy away The label is entailment.
Premise is two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing. Hypothesis is a man and woman are kissing in a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing. Hypothesis is a man and a woman are performing a song together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing. Hypothesis is the man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar. The label is neutral.
Premise is two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium. Hypothesis is the men are playing basketball with no audience. The label is entailment.
Premise is two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium. Hypothesis is the men are making shots. The label is neutral.
Premise is two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium. Hypothesis is the men are playing in front of a huge crowd. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station. Hypothesis is a criminal working his way through the transit station The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station. Hypothesis is a man wearing a white suit at a wedding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station. Hypothesis is a man walking through a transit station. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies. Hypothesis is a man is is an artist teaching art classes The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies. Hypothesis is a man is at an auto shop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies. Hypothesis is a man is working on art. The label is entailment.
Premise is two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes. Hypothesis is two girls eating cupcakes. The label is entailment.
Premise is two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes. Hypothesis is kids eating cupcakes that their mom gave them. The label is neutral.
Premise is two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes. Hypothesis is two boys eating cupcakes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track. Hypothesis is there is a person driving. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track. Hypothesis is there is a person driving in a tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track. Hypothesis is somebody is driving a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate. Hypothesis is the greyhounds are lying down to sleep for the night. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate. Hypothesis is the dogs are racing down the track. The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road. Hypothesis is the two guys were working outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road. Hypothesis is the workers were wearing safty gear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two workers in work attire (windbreakers and vests) walking along the edge of a road. Hypothesis is the guys drove the work truck through the city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting Hypothesis is six people are celebrating halloween. The label is neutral.
Premise is six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting Hypothesis is six people are in a hospital. The label is contradiction.
Premise is six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting Hypothesis is six people are in a dessert. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window. Hypothesis is gentleman window shops. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window. Hypothesis is well dressed looter. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window. Hypothesis is businessman considers buying a gift. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down. Hypothesis is some members of the marching band are sitting while others are standing. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down. Hypothesis is two women are playing the flute. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down. Hypothesis is two people are drumming. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table. Hypothesis is the woman is standing by a lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table. Hypothesis is a woman near a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table. Hypothesis is the female is waiting for her order. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market. Hypothesis is the man is driving down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market. Hypothesis is the man is delivering items. The label is neutral.
Premise is one man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market. Hypothesis is the man is standing on a truck. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person flying through the air on a bicycle. Hypothesis is a person is riding his bike up the hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person flying through the air on a bicycle. Hypothesis is a person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person flying through the air on a bicycle. Hypothesis is a person is on a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow. Hypothesis is brown and black dogs carrying a big log in the meadow to show their owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow. Hypothesis is dogs carrying a big log in a meadow. The label is entailment.
Premise is the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow. Hypothesis is dogs running through a puddle of water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men renovate a brick wall outside. Hypothesis is both of the men are on break. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men renovate a brick wall outside. Hypothesis is two men are working. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men renovate a brick wall outside. Hypothesis is two men are laying bricks. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are fixing the side of an old brick building. Hypothesis is construction workers at a job. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are fixing the side of an old brick building. Hypothesis is people fixing a building The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are fixing the side of an old brick building. Hypothesis is people painting in a house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull. Hypothesis is a cute dog was chasing the cat through they alley. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull. Hypothesis is a dog was sniffing his food before eating it. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull. Hypothesis is the brown dog was looking intently at the bull on the other side. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door. Hypothesis is the person is cozy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door. Hypothesis is the person is wrapped in a straightjacket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door. Hypothesis is the person is sitting on the floor. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy. Hypothesis is a man on stilts performs a trick for an audience. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy. Hypothesis is a man on stilts performs a magic trick for onlookers at his school. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine. Hypothesis is there are people watching tv inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine. Hypothesis is a line of people at an atm. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine. Hypothesis is three women waiting for an atm. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young redheaded woman laughs at something. Hypothesis is a fat redheaded woman laughs at something. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young redheaded woman laughs at something. Hypothesis is a redheaded woman laughs at something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young redheaded woman laughs at something. Hypothesis is a young redheaded man laughs at something. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and women sleeping outside on a bench. Hypothesis is a man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and women sleeping outside on a bench. Hypothesis is a couple asleep on a bench outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and women sleeping outside on a bench. Hypothesis is a man and a woman feeding eachother food at a table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause. Hypothesis is a young boy gets his photo taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause. Hypothesis is a young girl gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy gets his photo taken with mr. and mrs. clause. Hypothesis is a young boy's mother takes his photo with mr. and mrs. clause. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting outside in the rain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings. Hypothesis is a person is covering their face and hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is wearing protective hair and face coverings. Hypothesis is a man is working in a restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store. Hypothesis is one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone The label is entailment.
Premise is one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store. Hypothesis is one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone The label is neutral.
Premise is one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store. Hypothesis is one lady eats a box while the other fights a tiger The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white frisbee. Hypothesis is the men are playing volleyball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white frisbee. Hypothesis is there are other people playing with them. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white frisbee. Hypothesis is the men are playing frisbee. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal. Hypothesis is everyone is asleep in their bed The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal. Hypothesis is there is at least one person. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal. Hypothesis is the people are at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter Hypothesis is two instructors are teaching a small class of five how to fly a helicopter. The label is neutral.
Premise is seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter Hypothesis is seven men are getting ready to fly an airplane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter Hypothesis is there are men at the helicopter. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race. Hypothesis is kids playing a video game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race. Hypothesis is children competing in a relay race. The label is entailment.
Premise is a kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race. Hypothesis is a team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street. Hypothesis is an old taxi drives on a street. The label is neutral.
Premise is passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street. Hypothesis is a car drives on a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street. Hypothesis is people walk through a store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball. Hypothesis is people are playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball. Hypothesis is two teams are competing in hockey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball. Hypothesis is a basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white shirt taking a picture. Hypothesis is a man takes a picture The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white shirt taking a picture. Hypothesis is the man takes a video clip The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt taking a picture. Hypothesis is the man is a photographer The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot. Hypothesis is a woman is standing next to a flower pot. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot. Hypothesis is a woman is standing next to a flower pot in her own home. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot. Hypothesis is a woman is a dress is standing next to a flower pot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walk outside 'the tempe bar'. Hypothesis is people are sitting in the bar drinking. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people walk outside 'the tempe bar'. Hypothesis is bar goers walk around outside after last call. The label is neutral.
Premise is people walk outside 'the tempe bar'. Hypothesis is people move around outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is child swimming in a pool. Hypothesis is a child swims in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is child swimming in a pool. Hypothesis is a kid swims in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is child swimming in a pool. Hypothesis is a child swims laps in a lap pool. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping in a sleeping bag. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water. Hypothesis is a man is hiking with his girlfriend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water. Hypothesis is a man is hiking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy. Hypothesis is the puppy is chasing a ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy. Hypothesis is the pet is chewing on a bone The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy. Hypothesis is a dog is running to catch a colorful ball The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog next to a basement window. Hypothesis is a dog next to a window The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog next to a basement window. Hypothesis is a pomeranian next to a window The label is neutral.
Premise is a white dog next to a basement window. Hypothesis is a cat next to a window The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups. Hypothesis is the woman is watching shades of grey The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups. Hypothesis is the man is outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups. Hypothesis is the man playing a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail. Hypothesis is a person walking in a tunnel is lost The label is neutral.
Premise is person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail. Hypothesis is a person walking in a tunnel The label is entailment.
Premise is person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail. Hypothesis is a person sitting on a bench The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it. Hypothesis is a kid who's too young to read climbs a dangerous stack of logs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it. Hypothesis is a kid climbing some logs The label is entailment.
Premise is a young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it. Hypothesis is a young child sits in class and reads a book quitely. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is a dog is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is a dog is outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is the dog is white. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car. Hypothesis is a person taking a photo. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a strange uniform taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sports car. Hypothesis is a tourist takes a picture of the city skyline at dusk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox. Hypothesis is a girl in a hat is walking her ox to get home. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox. Hypothesis is a little girl is riding her ox in a desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox. Hypothesis is a little girl is in a field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. Hypothesis is a surfer relaxing on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. Hypothesis is a daring man in the surf. The label is neutral.
Premise is a surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean. Hypothesis is a person in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate. Hypothesis is a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate. Hypothesis is a man is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air with his teammate. Hypothesis is a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting guns in the air The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is standing at a podium. Hypothesis is a man is standing at a podium. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is standing at a podium. Hypothesis is the woman is making a speach about agriculture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is standing at a podium. Hypothesis is a person is at a podium. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street. Hypothesis is the man is walking down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a green shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street. Hypothesis is the man is on his way to a movie. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side by side. Hypothesis is a man folding his laundry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side by side. Hypothesis is two people eating together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and a young girl are eating side by side. Hypothesis is a mother and her daughter eating sandwiches together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up. Hypothesis is the young boy rides his bike as hard as he can. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up. Hypothesis is the young boy's bike is broken. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up. Hypothesis is this young boy is shorter than this young woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event. Hypothesis is the woman is naturally blonde. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a blue shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a red shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop. Hypothesis is a man eats a doughnut with his coffee. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop. Hypothesis is a person is drinking coffee. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop. Hypothesis is a woman drinks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle Hypothesis is this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle Hypothesis is this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle of punch The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle Hypothesis is this guy is jumping rope The label is contradiction.
Premise is a happy woman who is preparing for dinner. Hypothesis is a sad woman is watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a happy woman who is preparing for dinner. Hypothesis is a woman is cooking dinner for the guests. The label is neutral.
Premise is a happy woman who is preparing for dinner. Hypothesis is a woman is cooking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv. Hypothesis is a boy and girl are waiting patiently in line. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv. Hypothesis is a boy is pushing a girl on a toy suv inside of a nice house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy pushing a girl on a toy suv. Hypothesis is a boy and a girl are playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign. Hypothesis is the man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign. Hypothesis is the man is at home watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign. Hypothesis is there is a man standing outside of a theater. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead. Hypothesis is a man has hair. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead. Hypothesis is a man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead. Hypothesis is a man is indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of spiderman. Hypothesis is a man wearing a costume The label is entailment.
Premise is a bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of spiderman. Hypothesis is a man dressing for a show The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of spiderman. Hypothesis is a man wearing a tux The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy with a football, a crowd watching him. Hypothesis is there is a guy holding a football. The label is entailment.
Premise is a guy with a football, a crowd watching him. Hypothesis is a quarterback looks for a receiver during a football game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy with a football, a crowd watching him. Hypothesis is there is a guy with a basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on. Hypothesis is two girls are wearing school uniforms. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on. Hypothesis is two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on. Hypothesis is two girls are walking together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day. Hypothesis is somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day. Hypothesis is somebody is riding a bike on the nature trail. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day. Hypothesis is somebody is riding a bike outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans. Hypothesis is a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laughing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans. Hypothesis is a man with a red beard and mustache. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and miller beer cans. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping in his bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them. Hypothesis is the women have rounded up the last cow for the fall The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them. Hypothesis is there are women outside in this picture The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them. Hypothesis is they are at the bar The label is contradiction.
Premise is two african american men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone. Hypothesis is the three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen. The label is neutral.
Premise is two african american men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone. Hypothesis is three african american men work together in the food industry. The label is neutral.
Premise is two african american men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone. Hypothesis is three asian men work at a bar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop. Hypothesis is a woman watching the game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop. Hypothesis is a man working hard. The label is neutral.
Premise is basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop. Hypothesis is a referee watching a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud Hypothesis is a man and a woman ride their bikes down a hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud Hypothesis is the group is skiing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud Hypothesis is the sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race. The label is neutral.
Premise is four human figures are backlit by a sunset. Hypothesis is four men are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun The label is neutral.
Premise is four human figures are backlit by a sunset. Hypothesis is four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset The label is neutral.
Premise is four human figures are backlit by a sunset. Hypothesis is a beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four figures silhouetted against it's backdrop The label is entailment.
Premise is seven young girls are being creative and making posters. Hypothesis is one girl is making posters. The label is contradiction.
Premise is seven young girls are being creative and making posters. Hypothesis is girls are making posters. The label is entailment.
Premise is seven young girls are being creative and making posters. Hypothesis is the girls are using paints and markers on the signs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind. Hypothesis is people trying to read what a man is writing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind. Hypothesis is a man scribbles indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind. Hypothesis is a gentleman swims at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball. Hypothesis is the teenager has just made a hole-in-one while playing golf. The label is neutral.
Premise is a teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball. Hypothesis is the teenager is riding a horse in a steeplechase competition. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball. Hypothesis is there is a teenager playing golf in a field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes. Hypothesis is a husband and wife walk down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes. Hypothesis is a husband and wife lay on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes. Hypothesis is a woman and a man walk down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy sits curiously on a rock near the water, looking at his reflection. Hypothesis is a kid is outside looking into the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy sits curiously on a rock near the water, looking at his reflection. Hypothesis is the boy is swinging on a swing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to score for their team Hypothesis is a guy with a basketball The label is entailment.
Premise is the basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to score for their team Hypothesis is the guy is flying a plane The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats. Hypothesis is the men are inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats. Hypothesis is the constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies The label is neutral.
Premise is three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats. Hypothesis is the men are outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street. Hypothesis is a young woman wearing a yellow dress sitting in the sand at a packed beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street. Hypothesis is a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers talking to her boyfriend on her cellphone as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street. Hypothesis is a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black women holding a sign that says, 'free hugs' in the city. Hypothesis is a white woman is holding a sign The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black women holding a sign that says, 'free hugs' in the city. Hypothesis is a younger woman is holding a sign The label is neutral.
Premise is a black women holding a sign that says, 'free hugs' in the city. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a sign The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide. Hypothesis is a boy is dancing on his bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide. Hypothesis is a boy is running outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide. Hypothesis is a boy is running. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks. Hypothesis is a blonde boy is playing near a construction zone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks. Hypothesis is a blonde girl is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks. Hypothesis is a blonde child is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game Hypothesis is people play poker The label is neutral.
Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game Hypothesis is people play cards The label is entailment.
Premise is some youngsters are playing a card game Hypothesis is cat stares at dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball. Hypothesis is white outfit women playing tennis The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball. Hypothesis is women playing The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball. Hypothesis is women at work The label is contradiction.
Premise is four children are dancing around a pole in a city street. Hypothesis is four adults are walking down the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four children are dancing around a pole in a city street. Hypothesis is four children are dancing around a pole. The label is entailment.
Premise is four children are dancing around a pole in a city street. Hypothesis is four girls are dancing around a pole. The label is neutral.
Premise is little kids play a game of running around a pole. Hypothesis is a bunch of young kids play a game that requires them to run around a pole. The label is entailment.
Premise is little kids play a game of running around a pole. Hypothesis is the kids are fighting outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little kids play a game of running around a pole. Hypothesis is there are kids outside playing The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station. Hypothesis is a group of workers on their lunch break. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station. Hypothesis is a team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on schedule. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station. Hypothesis is a construction team working in a subway station. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky. Hypothesis is a man is a good skateboarder The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky. Hypothesis is a man is riding a skateboard The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky. Hypothesis is a woman is running The label is contradiction.
Premise is spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the baseman waits to make the catch. Hypothesis is people play baseball The label is entailment.
Premise is spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the baseman waits to make the catch. Hypothesis is a cat jumps high The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl holding a toddler. Hypothesis is two old ladies are making out at a strip club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl holding a toddler. Hypothesis is a sister holds her little brother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl holding a toddler. Hypothesis is two children together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat. Hypothesis is there is a man on a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat. Hypothesis is the hungover man drives his boat to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat. Hypothesis is the happy pilot flies his plane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers at basking robbins are filling orders. Hypothesis is workers leaving the office after office hours The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers at basking robbins are filling orders. Hypothesis is workers filling orders at basking robbins The label is entailment.
Premise is workers at basking robbins are filling orders. Hypothesis is workers busy in handling orders The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street. Hypothesis is a man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street. Hypothesis is a man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street. Hypothesis is a man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks. Hypothesis is the man is in a store. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a red shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks. Hypothesis is the man is wearing brown. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue. Hypothesis is a friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue. Hypothesis is a woman in white hands something to a woman in blue. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue. Hypothesis is two sisters are flipping each other off. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a woman is walking down the street of shops. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a woman is window shopping for a new outfit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting on a train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil. Hypothesis is the newlyweds are kissing in a church during the wedding. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil. Hypothesis is the newlyweds are actually vampires. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil. Hypothesis is two people kissing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field. Hypothesis is a woman says hi to another woman at the grocery store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field. Hypothesis is a man pushing away another man on the soccer field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field. Hypothesis is a man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather. Hypothesis is a woman is taking a picture in cold weather. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather. Hypothesis is a woman is taking a picture with an older woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather. Hypothesis is a man is running errands on his bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them. Hypothesis is a uniformed group carry signs written in chinese The label is entailment.
Premise is a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them. Hypothesis is a dog eats steak The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them. Hypothesis is a militant chinese group lead a protest with red signs The label is neutral.
Premise is it's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance. Hypothesis is crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade The label is entailment.
Premise is it's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance. Hypothesis is people are celebrating a local festival, cheering alonside a parade The label is neutral.
Premise is it's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance. Hypothesis is people have gathered for a funeral The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind. Hypothesis is the woman is riding her bike to conserve fuel use. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind. Hypothesis is the lady is riding a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind. Hypothesis is the lady is driving a huge truck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot. Hypothesis is dancers are performing on stage barefoot. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot. Hypothesis is two magicians are performing on stage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot. Hypothesis is dancers are performing to latin music. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand. Hypothesis is the man is holding a pencil. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand. Hypothesis is the man is laying down on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand. Hypothesis is the man is drawing a picture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a few women and children are collecting items from rocks. Hypothesis is people are collecting special stones from rocks. The label is neutral.
Premise is a few women and children are collecting items from rocks. Hypothesis is people are taking things from rocks. The label is entailment.
Premise is a few women and children are collecting items from rocks. Hypothesis is people are throwing rocks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young people pose for a picture in a field Hypothesis is the young people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young people pose for a picture in a field Hypothesis is the young people are taking a picture inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young people pose for a picture in a field Hypothesis is they are taking a class photo. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background. Hypothesis is men at the center of a clearing The label is entailment.
Premise is two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background. Hypothesis is men at the center of a clearing waiting for the rest of the group The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on. Hypothesis is there are people riding the bus after school The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on. Hypothesis is there are people riding the bus The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on. Hypothesis is there are people watching the bus pass by The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup. Hypothesis is a young kid is drinking out of a cup. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup. Hypothesis is a kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup. Hypothesis is the kids were in awe as they listened pasionately to the story of the young boy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is the man has shorts on. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera. Hypothesis is the man has pants on. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower. Hypothesis is the man poses with a yellow flower. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower. Hypothesis is the man is near a red flower. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is outdoors looking directly at the camera, and in front of him is a yellow flower. Hypothesis is the man stands before the camera outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area. Hypothesis is there is one child in this picture, and he is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area. Hypothesis is the boy is playing video games upstairs in his room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area. Hypothesis is the boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around. Hypothesis is a boy is taking a nap in his bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around. Hypothesis is a boy near an item. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around. Hypothesis is the young child is working on his science project. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium. Hypothesis is a boy is attending an event The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium. Hypothesis is a boy is sitting down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium. Hypothesis is a boy is cheering for his team. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus. Hypothesis is a man is traveling to see his best friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus. Hypothesis is a boy is sweeping the sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus. Hypothesis is a guy is riding the bus. The label is entailment.
Premise is people sitting in a dim restaurant eating. Hypothesis is people are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people sitting in a dim restaurant eating. Hypothesis is people are eating food. The label is entailment.
Premise is people sitting in a dim restaurant eating. Hypothesis is people are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large group of people gather at a piano bar. Hypothesis is a large group going out The label is entailment.
Premise is a large group of people gather at a piano bar. Hypothesis is a group of men at a piano bar The label is neutral.
Premise is a large group of people gather at a piano bar. Hypothesis is one person at a piano bar The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side. Hypothesis is two women are running late for a meeting. The label is neutral.
Premise is there are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side. Hypothesis is two women are fishing in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side. Hypothesis is two women are jogging by the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a historic-looking building. Hypothesis is the newly constructed town hall The label is contradiction.
Premise is a historic-looking building. Hypothesis is the town hall The label is neutral.
Premise is a historic-looking building. Hypothesis is an older building The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot. Hypothesis is the young man is juggling balls. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot. Hypothesis is the young man is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot. Hypothesis is the young boy is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women on a beach. Hypothesis is two women are resting indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women on a beach. Hypothesis is two mothers enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women on a beach. Hypothesis is two women are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women in bathing suits play on the beach. Hypothesis is two women in bikinis are flirting with guys. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women in bathing suits play on the beach. Hypothesis is two girls are helping their mom with the laundry. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women in bathing suits play on the beach. Hypothesis is two ladies are wearing swimsuits. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man walks among the large trees. Hypothesis is the man walks among trees. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man walks among the large trees. Hypothesis is the man is lost in the woods. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man walks among the large trees. Hypothesis is the mas is walking next to dogs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch. Hypothesis is a speedwalker next to cars The label is contradiction.
Premise is a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch. Hypothesis is a runner in front of his supporters The label is neutral.
Premise is a runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch. Hypothesis is a runner with a convoy of motorcycles The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley. Hypothesis is a person just bowled a strike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley. Hypothesis is the person is eating nachos. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley. Hypothesis is a person is bowling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man is almost done working today. The label is neutral.
Premise is a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man is working at a car wash The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man is shining some shoes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window. Hypothesis is the policeman is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window. Hypothesis is the policeman is on a stakeout. The label is neutral.
Premise is a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window. Hypothesis is the policeman is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man seated in a uniform that says 'polizes' on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard, some papers, and a computer in front of him. Hypothesis is the man is playing a guitar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man seated in a uniform that says 'polizes' on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard, some papers, and a computer in front of him. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a uniform. The label is entailment.
Premise is three military officials are battling a fire my a building. Hypothesis is three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion. The label is neutral.
Premise is three military officials are battling a fire my a building. Hypothesis is there is a fire being fought. The label is entailment.
Premise is three military officials are battling a fire my a building. Hypothesis is three military officials sit by a lake and are fishing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop. Hypothesis is a man has black hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop. Hypothesis is the man is a performer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop. Hypothesis is the man is blond. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses. Hypothesis is a full haired man is looking a drinking glasses. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses. Hypothesis is a man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses. Hypothesis is a man with thinning hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is painter re-creates old works of art in a museum. Hypothesis is a painter copying masterpieces in a museum. The label is entailment.
Premise is painter re-creates old works of art in a museum. Hypothesis is a painter copying masterpieces in a museum to sell. The label is neutral.
Premise is painter re-creates old works of art in a museum. Hypothesis is a painter creating an original work of art. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art. Hypothesis is a painter works on a copy of a rembrandt. The label is neutral.
Premise is an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art. Hypothesis is a person is crafting a replica of another's creation. The label is entailment.
Premise is an artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art. Hypothesis is the surrealist is running wind sprints. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones. Hypothesis is the man is bringing the ice cream cone to another person. The label is neutral.
Premise is a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones. Hypothesis is the man is sitting on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning. Hypothesis is a woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning. Hypothesis is the happy woman has big green eyes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning. Hypothesis is a woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group. Hypothesis is a bunch of eagles are eating a bug The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group. Hypothesis is a bunch of guys in colorful clothes are standing together waiting for the bus The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group. Hypothesis is a bunch of guys in colorful clothes stand together The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym. Hypothesis is they are in a gym The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym. Hypothesis is the gym is old The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym. Hypothesis is there is  no volleyball The label is contradiction.
Premise is four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers. Hypothesis is four kids are wearing hats with streamers. The label is entailment.
Premise is four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers. Hypothesis is four kids are wearing birthday party hats. The label is neutral.
Premise is four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers. Hypothesis is four kids are waiting in line for the bus. The label is neutral.
Premise is a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word 'hot' on the side. Hypothesis is a man standing in front of a vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word 'hot' on the side. Hypothesis is a worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word 'hot' on the side. Hypothesis is someone sleeping on the ground next to a jeep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench. Hypothesis is two kids are sitting next to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench. Hypothesis is the boys are playing dodge ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench. Hypothesis is the school kids are relaxing during recess. The label is neutral.
Premise is a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race. Hypothesis is he is running against a group of people The label is entailment.
Premise is a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race. Hypothesis is he doesnt have legs The label is contradiction.
Premise is a runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race. Hypothesis is he is winning The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a human is surrounded. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a person is at a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people. Hypothesis is a person is alone in a dark room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water. Hypothesis is a girl checks her phone on a boat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water. Hypothesis is a girl is talking on a landline. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells. Hypothesis is he looks through the microscope before lunch The label is neutral.
Premise is a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells. Hypothesis is he looks through the microscope The label is entailment.
Premise is a black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells. Hypothesis is he eats stars The label is contradiction.
Premise is some people are relaxing in front of a large red building. Hypothesis is lots of people are walking by a small red building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is some people are relaxing in front of a large red building. Hypothesis is a group of children are relaxing in front of a large red building. The label is neutral.
Premise is some people are relaxing in front of a large red building. Hypothesis is a crowd relaxes in front of a large red building. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men play musical instruments. Hypothesis is three people with guitars. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men play musical instruments. Hypothesis is three people with instruments. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men play musical instruments. Hypothesis is three people build a house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot. Hypothesis is a woman is lying in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot. Hypothesis is a woman is taking a break and lying in the grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him. Hypothesis is a girl lays down in front of a tent The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him. Hypothesis is a boy lays down in front of a tent The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with brown pants and boots moving a tent. Hypothesis is a circus worker is moving the big top tent. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with brown pants and boots moving a tent. Hypothesis is a guy is transporting a tent. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with brown pants and boots moving a tent. Hypothesis is a hiker is sleeping in a tent. The label is contradiction.
Premise is small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair. Hypothesis is a woman and young girl celebrating together. The label is neutral.
Premise is small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair. Hypothesis is a woman bathing her daughter. The label is contradiction.
Premise is small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair. Hypothesis is a young girl putting confetti in a lady's hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill. Hypothesis is a man in a blue shirt stands by a grill. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill. Hypothesis is a man bakes a cake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill. Hypothesis is a man in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people. Hypothesis is a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people. Hypothesis is a man is pointing into the foot and wearing a striped shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small boat filled with many people. Hypothesis is a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass. Hypothesis is a girl is chasing a rabbit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass. Hypothesis is a boy is running home after school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass. Hypothesis is a boy is outside running. The label is entailment.
Premise is a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke. Hypothesis is the firefighter can't enter the building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke. Hypothesis is a firefighter starts a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke. Hypothesis is a firefighter going up a ladder. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal. Hypothesis is the men are standing in a parking garage. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal. Hypothesis is two men are standing in front of a large vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal. Hypothesis is the men are seated in lawn chairs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in colorful shorts is barefoot. Hypothesis is the man has shorts but no shoes. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in colorful shorts is barefoot. Hypothesis is the man in shorts is not wearing footwear. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in colorful shorts is barefoot. Hypothesis is the man wears black pants and dress shoes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels. Hypothesis is horse rider in traditional wear, ride horse with ceremonial wear and accessories The label is entailment.
Premise is rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels. Hypothesis is the rider and horse are covered in gear. The label is entailment.
Premise is rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels. Hypothesis is the horse is asleep next to the man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels. Hypothesis is pets galloping down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels. Hypothesis is a traditionally dressed horse and rider at a parade. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom. Hypothesis is the woman is in the bathroom The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom. Hypothesis is the woman is getting ready The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in black is getting ready in her bathroom. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing black The label is entailment.
Premise is a small dog runs to catch a ball. Hypothesis is the dog is asleep on the sofa. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a small dog runs to catch a ball. Hypothesis is a little dog chases a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small dog runs to catch a ball. Hypothesis is the dog is a chihuahua. The label is neutral.
Premise is an accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by. Hypothesis is the accordion player is highly skilled. The label is neutral.
Premise is an accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by. Hypothesis is the man's shirt is black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by. Hypothesis is a young man is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him. Hypothesis is a man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet. The label is neutral.
Premise is bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him. Hypothesis is two people are near each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him. Hypothesis is a woman is walking after a man who is running from her. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy rollerskating in the street. Hypothesis is a boy is sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy rollerskating in the street. Hypothesis is a boy is outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy rollerskating in the street. Hypothesis is a boy is skating with a hockey stick The label is contradiction.
Premise is men sitting at a table in a church. Hypothesis is the ornate church contains chatting people. The label is neutral.
Premise is men sitting at a table in a church. Hypothesis is the men pray at the alters. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men sitting at a table in a church. Hypothesis is there are people at a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is man in robe making designs on dirt ground. Hypothesis is an artist preparing some sketches in the dirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in robe making designs on dirt ground. Hypothesis is a man playing in the sand at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in robe making designs on dirt ground. Hypothesis is a man making designs in the dirt outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence. Hypothesis is there is a statue behind a person. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence. Hypothesis is a person is strolling with a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence. Hypothesis is a person is cooking hot dogs at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed. Hypothesis is the man and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed. Hypothesis is the man is reading to his grandson. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed. Hypothesis is the man and boy are in a bedroom. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd. Hypothesis is the woman is lying down sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd. Hypothesis is the woman is white The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd. Hypothesis is a woman carries children The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path Hypothesis is a black dog walks on a concrete path. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path Hypothesis is a white dog runs on a dirt path. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path Hypothesis is a dog runs on a path. The label is entailment.
Premise is a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree. Hypothesis is a woman throwing apples. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree. Hypothesis is a woman climbing down a tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree. Hypothesis is a woman with red hair. The label is entailment.
Premise is an indian woman is dancing with her partner. Hypothesis is a woman has dark skin. The label is neutral.
Premise is an indian woman is dancing with her partner. Hypothesis is a woman is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an indian woman is dancing with her partner. Hypothesis is a woman is moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation. Hypothesis is the man is on a treadmill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation. Hypothesis is the man is on his way to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it. Hypothesis is a worker is working on the damages caused by the flood. The label is neutral.
Premise is a yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it. Hypothesis is a worker is on a break. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it. Hypothesis is a worker is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a gray dress walks down the street. Hypothesis is the woman is eating lunch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a gray dress walks down the street. Hypothesis is the woman is walking to the shop. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray dress walks down the street. Hypothesis is a woman is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air. Hypothesis is the person is snowboarding. The label is entailment.
Premise is someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air. Hypothesis is the person is competing in a snowboarding competition. The label is neutral.
Premise is someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air. Hypothesis is the person is resting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. Hypothesis is a man sitting on a bench outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. Hypothesis is a man walks down the sidewalk wearing headphones. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. Hypothesis is a person walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. Hypothesis is an old man listening to rock walking down the sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. Hypothesis is a man walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headphones. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street. Hypothesis is a baby sits in a crib. The label is contradiction.
Premise is tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting. Hypothesis is a man chops veggies. The label is contradiction.
Premise is tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting. Hypothesis is a dog runs after a squirrel. The label is neutral.
Premise is tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting. Hypothesis is a dog runs outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains. Hypothesis is the man is underwater looking for fish. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains. Hypothesis is a man can see mountains from where he stands. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them. Hypothesis is there are only two people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them. Hypothesis is the people are in a play. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them. Hypothesis is there is a group of people present. The label is entailment.
Premise is six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption. Hypothesis is several men are gathered. The label is entailment.
Premise is six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption. Hypothesis is several men are gathered to learn about ham radios. The label is neutral.
Premise is six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption. Hypothesis is women are sitting around a table drinking coffee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are camping out on some rocks. Hypothesis is people are spending a day at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are camping out on some rocks. Hypothesis is people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are camping out on some rocks. Hypothesis is people rest while climbing a mountain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone. Hypothesis is a smiling boy walking and a frowning girl with a phone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone. Hypothesis is a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a cellphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone. Hypothesis is a  girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder. Hypothesis is the man is jumping to another boulder. The label is neutral.
Premise is a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder. Hypothesis is the man is sitting down on the rock. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder. Hypothesis is the man is on the rock. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him. Hypothesis is the man in the white is the superior of the janitor in gray. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him. Hypothesis is the men are hosting a news show. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five rodeo contestants wait their turn. Hypothesis is two rodeo contestants wait their turn. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five rodeo contestants wait their turn. Hypothesis is people at a rodeo. The label is entailment.
Premise is five rodeo contestants wait their turn. Hypothesis is five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the 500 dollar prize. The label is neutral.
Premise is children on the beach with their dog. Hypothesis is the children are at the ocean with their dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is children on the beach with their dog. Hypothesis is the children are playing catch with their dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is children on the beach with their dog. Hypothesis is the children are asleep on the couch with their dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street. Hypothesis is people having a parade on a street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street. Hypothesis is one person walking on the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street. Hypothesis is a group of people on the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side. Hypothesis is two people are walking down an alley. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side. Hypothesis is two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side. Hypothesis is two people are sitting in an alley. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about glam u wiki. Hypothesis is a woman is giving a speech to an interested crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about glam u wiki. Hypothesis is a woman is doing a stage dive into a crowd. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about glam u wiki. Hypothesis is a woman is standing at a lectern. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas. Hypothesis is an older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas. Hypothesis is an older looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas. Hypothesis is an older looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the middle of a city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people. Hypothesis is a man takes his lunch break in the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people. Hypothesis is a man is eating. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people. Hypothesis is a man sits in the cafeteria. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance. Hypothesis is kids at zoo The label is contradiction.
Premise is people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance. Hypothesis is people on boat The label is entailment.
Premise is people boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance. Hypothesis is people having boat party The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear. Hypothesis is the is one woman in the picture. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear. Hypothesis is there are 3 people in the picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear. Hypothesis is the women are in their underwear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags. Hypothesis is a man talks. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags. Hypothesis is chew wrigley's spearmint beer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags. Hypothesis is an old man works. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are relaxing in a hot tub. Hypothesis is two men are in the hot tub. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are relaxing in a hot tub. Hypothesis is a couple of women are in the hot tub. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are relaxing in a hot tub. Hypothesis is two women are on vacation in the hot tub. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air. Hypothesis is a man tossing his son into the air. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air. Hypothesis is a man tossing a girl into the air. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air. Hypothesis is a man tossing a child into the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street. Hypothesis is phone to her ear, a woman bends forward The label is entailment.
Premise is phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street. Hypothesis is phone to her ear, a woman bends slowly forward The label is neutral.
Premise is phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street. Hypothesis is phone to her butt, a woman bends forward The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone. Hypothesis is the woman is speaking into a cow bladder The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone. Hypothesis is the phone's ringer is loud The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is leaning down while talking to her phone. Hypothesis is a woman is using a phone The label is entailment.
Premise is a soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing orange. The label is entailment.
Premise is a soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing a yellow sweater. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater. Hypothesis is a girl is wearing an orange sweater with black stripes. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks. Hypothesis is the man is shirtless on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks. Hypothesis is the man is wearing purple jeans. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a blue shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are playing frisbee in the woods. Hypothesis is three guys are hiking across the desert. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are playing frisbee in the woods. Hypothesis is three men are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are playing frisbee in the woods. Hypothesis is three brothers are playing a friendly game of frisbee before dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car. Hypothesis is the theme of the photo is red. The label is neutral.
Premise is five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car. Hypothesis is everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare. The label is contradiction.
Premise is five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car. Hypothesis is everything in the photo is red colored. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf. Hypothesis is the dark-haired lady frowned and wore all black The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf. Hypothesis is there is a happy lady with colorful clothing The label is entailment.
Premise is a dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf. Hypothesis is a dark-haired lady is dressed for a good day The label is neutral.
Premise is an suv traveling through mud. Hypothesis is a four wheeler is passing The label is contradiction.
Premise is an suv traveling through mud. Hypothesis is suv travelling through mud The label is entailment.
Premise is an suv traveling through mud. Hypothesis is biking done on the rocky hill The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street. Hypothesis is the toddler is wearing rain boots. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street. Hypothesis is the man's shirt is white. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street. Hypothesis is people are walking on a wet street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood. Hypothesis is a monkey chases after a rattlesnake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood. Hypothesis is two men sawing wood. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood. Hypothesis is two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'. Hypothesis is the people are wanting to buy concert tickets. The label is neutral.
Premise is people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'. Hypothesis is the people are standing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' tickets available here'. Hypothesis is the people are inside the classroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by. Hypothesis is there are three soccer players. The label is entailment.
Premise is a soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by. Hypothesis is the three players are chasing after the hockey puck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by. Hypothesis is the players are all trying to get the ball from the opposing team. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child sits in a tree holding a branch. Hypothesis is the adult jumped up onto the tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child sits in a tree holding a branch. Hypothesis is a child sits in a tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child sits in a tree holding a branch. Hypothesis is the child climbed up there on his own. The label is neutral.
Premise is customers are ordering food at a cafe. Hypothesis is there are no customers at the cafe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is customers are ordering food at a cafe. Hypothesis is there are customers at a cafe ordering food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car. Hypothesis is the mom and boy are at an amusement park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car. Hypothesis is the mom and boy are on a roller coaster. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car. Hypothesis is the mom is letting the boy steer the bumpercar The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an orange hat holds a ball. Hypothesis is a man in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an orange hat holds a ball. Hypothesis is a man in a blue hat drops the ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an orange hat holds a ball. Hypothesis is a gentleman wearing an orange hat has a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo. Hypothesis is the kangaroo wants to leave The label is neutral.
Premise is two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo. Hypothesis is two women are petting a kangaroo The label is entailment.
Premise is two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo. Hypothesis is the women are wiping a windshield The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches. Hypothesis is a girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches. Hypothesis is a girl is smoking a cigar in a pool hall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches. Hypothesis is a girl blows a kiss as another girl sees it. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian man makes faces for the camera. Hypothesis is the man is not asian. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian man makes faces for the camera. Hypothesis is faces are being made to the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is an asian man makes faces for the camera. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a white shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols. Hypothesis is there is a large group. The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols. Hypothesis is there is one person . The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing canada symbols. Hypothesis is they are canadian. The label is neutral.
Premise is a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing. Hypothesis is a woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new girl. The label is neutral.
Premise is a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing. Hypothesis is two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids looking at them. The label is entailment.
Premise is a casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing. Hypothesis is a toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two guys in blue shirts talking. Hypothesis is two men wearing different color shirts walking past each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two guys in blue shirts talking. Hypothesis is two men complimenting each other on their blue shirts. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys in blue shirts talking. Hypothesis is two guys talking in matching shirts. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is holding a large check for kids food basket. Hypothesis is she is making a donation. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is holding a large check for kids food basket. Hypothesis is she is stealing from them. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is holding a large check for kids food basket. Hypothesis is she is fond of the charity. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game. Hypothesis is a woman runs down the field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game. Hypothesis is a football player is trying to score a goal. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game. Hypothesis is a dallas cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain Hypothesis is a couple hang out on the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain Hypothesis is a matching couple cools down in the rain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain Hypothesis is a matching couple get wet. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the white shirt holds up a playing card. Hypothesis is the man is holding up a domino. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in the white shirt holds up a playing card. Hypothesis is the man has a playing card in his hand. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in the white shirt holds up a playing card. Hypothesis is the man is holding up the ace of spades. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field. Hypothesis is a dog is riding in the car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field. Hypothesis is a dog is sniffing for its bone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field. Hypothesis is there is a dog outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress. Hypothesis is a woman has a blue shirt The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress. Hypothesis is a woman just won a 5k race The label is neutral.
Premise is a brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a green tshirt The label is contradiction.
Premise is two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field. Hypothesis is one of the boys scored a goal for his sports team today. The label is neutral.
Premise is two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field. Hypothesis is no one who is shown has ever played a sport. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field. Hypothesis is some of the people in the picture are at least fairly athletic. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole. Hypothesis is a man wearing a sweater inside The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole. Hypothesis is a person wearing a sweating in a street The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole. Hypothesis is a person waiting for a friend The label is neutral.
Premise is man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street. Hypothesis is a man is talking to his wife on the phone while walking down the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street. Hypothesis is a person on a phone is outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street. Hypothesis is a man is driving down a busy road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day. Hypothesis is a little boy pushes an oily man off a deck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day. Hypothesis is a bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes. The label is neutral.
Premise is casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day. Hypothesis is people are hanging outside with their bicycles on the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men are using washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot. Hypothesis is a group of friends are getting some money before they go to dinner. The label is neutral.
Premise is three men are using washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot. Hypothesis is three men are playing poker. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three men are using washington mutual atms outside near a parking lot. Hypothesis is there are men outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope. Hypothesis is a woman ponders what it would be like to climb the slope. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope. Hypothesis is a man sleds down a slope. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope. Hypothesis is a woman stands on a slope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat. Hypothesis is the boy is swinging at his baseball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat. Hypothesis is a girl in uniform is swinging. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat. Hypothesis is the girl is playing a game at recess. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man crouches down next to a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a man stands near a fire hydrant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man crouches down next to a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a man is stealing parts from a motorcycle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man crouches down next to a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a man is down beside a motorcycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree. Hypothesis is the man is making a snow angel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree. Hypothesis is a man is moving quickly through the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree. Hypothesis is the man is skiing. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese. Hypothesis is a man is a cook The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese. Hypothesis is a women is eating some friend dumpling dumplings The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a apron The label is entailment.
Premise is a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off. Hypothesis is the lady is at the hair salon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off. Hypothesis is a man is getting a hair cut. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young black man is getting his hair buzzed off. Hypothesis is the man has long hair. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride. Hypothesis is a boy is outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride. Hypothesis is the boy is happy The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride. Hypothesis is the boy is dead The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water. Hypothesis is nobody has beach attire The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water. Hypothesis is tall people in beach attire The label is neutral.
Premise is four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water. Hypothesis is people in beach attire The label is entailment.
Premise is five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle Hypothesis is five girls are wearing different colored dresses. The label is neutral.
Premise is five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle Hypothesis is five girls are playing together. The label is entailment.
Premise is five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle Hypothesis is five girls are baking a cake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting in the bedroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen. Hypothesis is a young woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman in white working in a professional kitchen. Hypothesis is the young woman makes a meal. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls looking out the window at 'hair at hart.' Hypothesis is two kids wait for their mom to finish her hair appointment. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls looking out the window at 'hair at hart.' Hypothesis is a bird attacks its reflection in a window. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls looking out the window at 'hair at hart.' Hypothesis is two people look out a window. The label is entailment.
Premise is an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent. Hypothesis is there is only one person. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent. Hypothesis is one wrestler is wearing green. The label is neutral.
Premise is an american wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent. Hypothesis is two wrestlers are in a match. The label is entailment.
Premise is people waiting on a train platform. Hypothesis is people are waiting for a train which is late. The label is neutral.
Premise is people waiting on a train platform. Hypothesis is people are waiting. The label is entailment.
Premise is people waiting on a train platform. Hypothesis is people survive a horrible train crash. The label is contradiction.
Premise is dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera. Hypothesis is a dog is wet The label is entailment.
Premise is dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera. Hypothesis is a dog is in a pond The label is neutral.
Premise is dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera. Hypothesis is a dog is sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings. Hypothesis is the dress is white. The label is entailment.
Premise is the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings. Hypothesis is the woman is under a lot of stress. The label is neutral.
Premise is the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings. Hypothesis is the dress is black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is socializing with another man in the bar. Hypothesis is two women enjoying happy hour. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is socializing with another man in the bar. Hypothesis is two friends talking while getting a drink after work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is socializing with another man in the bar. Hypothesis is two men talking in a bar. The label is entailment.
Premise is girls dressed in red stand in a line. Hypothesis is they are going somewhere. The label is neutral.
Premise is girls dressed in red stand in a line. Hypothesis is they are running. The label is contradiction.
Premise is girls dressed in red stand in a line. Hypothesis is it is a special day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up. Hypothesis is a child yells angrily at her mother. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up. Hypothesis is a child laughs as her hair sticks up. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up. Hypothesis is a child laughs at her mothers joke on a couch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned. Hypothesis is a young infant is wearing pajamas. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned. Hypothesis is a woman buttons the baby's pajamas while a baby cries. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned. Hypothesis is a young baby smiles. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people standing in front of statues. Hypothesis is the statue is made of marble. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd of people standing in front of statues. Hypothesis is the statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to life. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a crowd of people standing in front of statues. Hypothesis is the people are taking photos of the statue. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water. Hypothesis is the boy is asleep on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water. Hypothesis is the boy is wearing shorts. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water. Hypothesis is the boy is looking at another boy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd. Hypothesis is a man takes a picture of  two men in a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd. Hypothesis is a girl takes a photo of a dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd. Hypothesis is a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat. Hypothesis is there is a child and two animals. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat. Hypothesis is the baby sits on the cats. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat. Hypothesis is the person is crying near some animals. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net. Hypothesis is boys playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net. Hypothesis is boys playing a new game they made up, volleyfoot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net. Hypothesis is a boy plays with a yoyo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door. Hypothesis is a man wearing a blue shirt and white pants The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door. Hypothesis is a man resting outside The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door. Hypothesis is a old man swimming The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building. Hypothesis is a human standing The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building. Hypothesis is nobody is standing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building. Hypothesis is a tall human standing The label is neutral.
Premise is two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf. Hypothesis is two dogs are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf. Hypothesis is two dogs are playing on a beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf. Hypothesis is two dogs sleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch. Hypothesis is a man is riding a horse. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch. Hypothesis is a man is being tortured by other people. The label is neutral.
Premise is an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch. Hypothesis is a man is attempting to run away. The label is neutral.
Premise is several children are standing on the beach. Hypothesis is the children are waiting to go into the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is several children are standing on the beach. Hypothesis is the kids are in the back yard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several children are standing on the beach. Hypothesis is there is a group of people on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with no shirt on is holding a football. Hypothesis is a man poses for a photo with a football. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with no shirt on is holding a football. Hypothesis is a man holds a football. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with no shirt on is holding a football. Hypothesis is a man rolls on the ground on fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom. Hypothesis is an animal is sleeping outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom. Hypothesis is there is an animal biting a broom. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom. Hypothesis is a puppy is playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in black pants and black shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor. Hypothesis is two men practicing martial arts. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in black pants and black shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor. Hypothesis is two persons playing tennis. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance. Hypothesis is a man is refuelling his car. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance. Hypothesis is a man is playing video games at his house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance. Hypothesis is a man is outside at night. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently. Hypothesis is a woman holding a scruffy dog The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently. Hypothesis is a woman holding her scruffy dog The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently. Hypothesis is a woman holding a scruffy cat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left. Hypothesis is a group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left. Hypothesis is the group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bike is parked against a window to a store called winter sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background. Hypothesis is there is a computer with people seated nearby and a woman standing nearby them inside winter sport, which is a store with a bike next to it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bike is parked against a window to a store called winter sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background. Hypothesis is a woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bike is parked against a window to a store called winter sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background. Hypothesis is a woman rides her bike away from a store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men wearing hats walk on the street. Hypothesis is the men having hats on their head. The label is entailment.
Premise is men wearing hats walk on the street. Hypothesis is the men are walking inside the school. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men wearing hats walk on the street. Hypothesis is the men are construction workers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls. Hypothesis is the people are indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls. Hypothesis is the people are attending an outdoor art festival. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls. Hypothesis is the people are viewing a new art exhibit. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black t-shirt that says 'long live the dead' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a nyc yellow taxi cab. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a clever shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black t-shirt that says 'long live the dead' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a nyc yellow taxi cab. Hypothesis is the man just got done shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black t-shirt that says 'long live the dead' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a nyc yellow taxi cab. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a suit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth. Hypothesis is a man wears his hat on his foot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a cowboy hat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall. Hypothesis is three young women are belly dancing in front of a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall. Hypothesis is three young women are performing in front of a big audience. The label is entailment.
Premise is three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall. Hypothesis is three young woman are sleeping in a crowded hall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting. Hypothesis is a woman sits on a ledge The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting. Hypothesis is a man sits on a ledge The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting. Hypothesis is a woman sits in front of ancient indian ruins The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building. Hypothesis is a group of people are protesting in front of a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building. Hypothesis is a man in a blue shirt poses for the camera. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building. Hypothesis is a group of people are standing in front of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest Hypothesis is there is an animal standing outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest Hypothesis is the dog is lying on the ground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest Hypothesis is the dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding. Hypothesis is a young boy wearing a hat is cold while he sleds. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding. Hypothesis is a boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding. Hypothesis is a young boy is just sitting down and not sledding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff. Hypothesis is a man is acquiring information. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff. Hypothesis is a man is playing videogames. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff. Hypothesis is a man is teaching himself how to climb. The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag. Hypothesis is the man is not wearing a shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag. Hypothesis is the man doesn't care much about his health. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. Hypothesis is the children are watching the man blow up balloons The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. Hypothesis is the children watch the man make dogs and giraffes out of balloons The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. Hypothesis is a man is being creative in front of the crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. Hypothesis is the children are sad as the man ignores them The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. Hypothesis is a man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on. Hypothesis is a man is making cotton candy for the children. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy. Hypothesis is two boys are helping their parents shop The label is neutral.
Premise is an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy. Hypothesis is a boy is pushing a shopping cart The label is entailment.
Premise is an enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy. Hypothesis is a boy is walking on the street The label is neutral.
Premise is blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set. Hypothesis is a boy is on the swing set. The label is entailment.
Premise is blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set. Hypothesis is a boy is afraid to go on the swing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set. Hypothesis is a boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy in backpack crossing the street, other people, all asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy. Hypothesis is the boy is wearing a backpack. The label is entailment.
Premise is boy in backpack crossing the street, other people, all asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy. Hypothesis is the boy has no backpack on. The label is contradiction.
Premise is boy in backpack crossing the street, other people, all asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy. Hypothesis is the boy is on his way home from school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting outside waiting for her friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people. Hypothesis is the raft is filled with 6 females. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people. Hypothesis is the raft has people in it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people. Hypothesis is the raft is empty. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman wearing dark brown leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench. Hypothesis is a nicely dressed woman is sitting in the park. The label is entailment.
Premise is woman wearing dark brown leather jacket, sunglasses, brown leather boots, silver designer handbag, sitting on a fire engine red park bench. Hypothesis is a homeless man is sitting on a park bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving. Hypothesis is there are two boats on a river. The label is entailment.
Premise is there are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving. Hypothesis is the people are on land. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving. Hypothesis is one of the boats ran out of gas. The label is neutral.
Premise is three musicians are playing in a band. Hypothesis is the rock band is playing to a sold out crowd The label is neutral.
Premise is three musicians are playing in a band. Hypothesis is the band consists of a trio of musicians The label is entailment.
Premise is three musicians are playing in a band. Hypothesis is the band is signing autographs The label is contradiction.
Premise is two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera. Hypothesis is people are posing for a picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera. Hypothesis is two young boys dressed like cows are posing. The label is neutral.
Premise is two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera. Hypothesis is two men dressed as basketball players are running. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture. Hypothesis is two men are ready to have their picture taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture. Hypothesis is the men are standing in total darkness. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture. Hypothesis is two friends give thumbs up to the camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting in her backyard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains. Hypothesis is a person is in the woods. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a red work man's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains. Hypothesis is a woman in outdoor clothes is hiking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man holds up a sign that reads 'tattoo' as many people walk near him. Hypothesis is a man is holding a sign a yelling 'tattoo'. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holds up a sign that reads 'tattoo' as many people walk near him. Hypothesis is two people are sitting in a coffee shop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holds up a sign that reads 'tattoo' as many people walk near him. Hypothesis is a man is holding a tattoo sign. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera. Hypothesis is a woman is trying to take pictures of the world's largest tree The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera. Hypothesis is a woman is in a green nun uniform The label is contradiction.
Premise is an elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera. Hypothesis is a woman is in a tan nun uniform. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for. Hypothesis is a person throws a toy for a dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for. Hypothesis is a dog is looking for a toy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person throws a red toy for a dog to run for. Hypothesis is a dog is looking for a cat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines. Hypothesis is people play a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines. Hypothesis is several people are playing dominoes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines. Hypothesis is the people watching from the sidelines cheer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera. Hypothesis is a couple posing for the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera. Hypothesis is two men take a picture together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, embrace one another, while smiling and posing for the camera. Hypothesis is a man and woman wearing sunglasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna. Hypothesis is a human not wearing any clothes is in a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna. Hypothesis is a man dressed in a coat is in a kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna. Hypothesis is an old man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna. The label is neutral.
Premise is repairing the roof of a school on the coastline. Hypothesis is women are fixing a school roof. The label is neutral.
Premise is repairing the roof of a school on the coastline. Hypothesis is a man is washing his hands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is repairing the roof of a school on the coastline. Hypothesis is a school is being worked on. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl in a pink dress crying. Hypothesis is an upset little girl is throwing a tantrum. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl in a pink dress crying. Hypothesis is the girl is laughing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl in a pink dress crying. Hypothesis is a young girl is crying for more attention. The label is neutral.
Premise is colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit. Hypothesis is the child is drinking at a bar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit. Hypothesis is the child is at a waterpark. The label is neutral.
Premise is colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit. Hypothesis is the child is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat. Hypothesis is the baby and the cat are in the living room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat. Hypothesis is the baby and the cat are in the same room The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat. Hypothesis is there is not a cat near the baby. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the dog is in the snow in front of some trees. Hypothesis is a dog is playing in the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is the dog is in the snow in front of some trees. Hypothesis is a dog is in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is the dog is in the snow in front of some trees. Hypothesis is a cat plays in the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy is playing in the sandy water. Hypothesis is there is a boy in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy is playing in the sandy water. Hypothesis is a young boy is playing in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy is playing in the sandy water. Hypothesis is the boy is playing at the beach. The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out. Hypothesis is a firefighter is holding a fire hose with water comping out. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out. Hypothesis is a medic is treating someones wounds with bandages he is holding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled. Hypothesis is there is no snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled. Hypothesis is a child is playing in the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled. Hypothesis is a child is playing in the snow with his friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket. Hypothesis is a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket. Hypothesis is a baby yawns in his crib. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket. Hypothesis is a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water. Hypothesis is some people are on land. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water. Hypothesis is some men are by water. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men, one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt, are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water. Hypothesis is two men are out boating. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water. Hypothesis is the boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water. Hypothesis is the boy is running towards a bigger group of people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water. Hypothesis is a boy can't swim so he didn't go to the beach with his family. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway. Hypothesis is a man is on his way to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway. Hypothesis is a man walks through a doorway. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway. Hypothesis is a man is sitting at a table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers. Hypothesis is the boy has a gift for his mother. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers. Hypothesis is the kid is taking a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers. Hypothesis is a kid is wearing colorful clothing. The label is entailment.
Premise is two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard. Hypothesis is two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpeting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard. Hypothesis is the dogs wanted to find the end of the fence, but it seemed to keep on going, always turning into yet another stretch of distance. The label is neutral.
Premise is two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard. Hypothesis is canines traverse a sealed expanse. The label is entailment.
Premise is two old women sitting on curb next to flowers Hypothesis is two old women hate flowers and would not be near them The label is contradiction.
Premise is two old women sitting on curb next to flowers Hypothesis is elderly women are resting near flowers The label is entailment.
Premise is two old women sitting on curb next to flowers Hypothesis is two old women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt. Hypothesis is a man wears a helmet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt. Hypothesis is a woman has a helmet on a motorcycle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a blue helmet and orange shirt. Hypothesis is an 20 year old man has an orange shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party. Hypothesis is a man is at his sisters party. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party. Hypothesis is a person is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party. Hypothesis is a person is sleeping on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple opening up a new electronically mixer. Hypothesis is the new mixer is necessary for this new couple The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple opening up a new electronically mixer. Hypothesis is a couple opens a new appliance together The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple opening up a new electronically mixer. Hypothesis is the couple purchased a used mixer The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background. Hypothesis is two people are near some other people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background. Hypothesis is there are some people doing the limbo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background. Hypothesis is there is a group of people at a music festival. The label is neutral.
Premise is a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle. Hypothesis is a dog is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle. Hypothesis is a cat sleeps in the window. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle. Hypothesis is several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a hurdle. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a ladder in tall grass. Hypothesis is the man is seated on his couch in his living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on a ladder in tall grass. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a ladder in tall grass. Hypothesis is the man is wearing glasses. The label is neutral.
Premise is a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera. Hypothesis is a street performer is acting out a scene. The label is entailment.
Premise is a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera. Hypothesis is a performer is playing violin in the auditorium. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera. Hypothesis is a mime is practicing his art. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing Hypothesis is a man is reading a newspaper on break. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing Hypothesis is a man is reading a newspaper. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing Hypothesis is a man is sitting down reading a newspaper. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him. Hypothesis is a man competes in a long distance run. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him. Hypothesis is people watch a man jog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him. Hypothesis is a man sits at his computer sipping coffee. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man running in a race passes by spectators. Hypothesis is the person is running a marathon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man running in a race passes by spectators. Hypothesis is a man is running by people who are watching. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man running in a race passes by spectators. Hypothesis is a man in a kayak passes by spectators. The label is contradiction.
Premise is topless girl riding a red bike. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is topless girl riding a red bike. Hypothesis is a woman is on a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is topless girl riding a red bike. Hypothesis is the woman is tall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd. Hypothesis is the crowd watches him The label is entailment.
Premise is a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd. Hypothesis is he has just won the competition The label is neutral.
Premise is a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd. Hypothesis is two dogs fly to the sun The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him. Hypothesis is a guy is looking over the side of a building with someone else. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him. Hypothesis is two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a steep step. Hypothesis is two young girls walk up a slide. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a steep step. Hypothesis is girls are jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young girls are jumping off of a steep step. Hypothesis is two young girls are jumping outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom. Hypothesis is the man is brushing the leaves off his car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom. Hypothesis is the man is getting his car ready for work. The label is neutral.
Premise is middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom. Hypothesis is the man is cleaning off his car. The label is entailment.
Premise is man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books. Hypothesis is people near a lot of reading materials. The label is entailment.
Premise is man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books. Hypothesis is a couple under a table of goldfish. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books. Hypothesis is two people are shielded by paperbacks. The label is neutral.
Premise is four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk. Hypothesis is four women are running away from a man in the city. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk. Hypothesis is four women are shopping for jewelry. The label is neutral.
Premise is four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk. Hypothesis is four women are walking in the city. The label is entailment.
Premise is white dog playing in the snow. Hypothesis is the snow is purple. The label is contradiction.
Premise is white dog playing in the snow. Hypothesis is the dog has cold paws from the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is white dog playing in the snow. Hypothesis is the dog enjoys the snow. The label is entailment.
Premise is four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth. Hypothesis is tall people cooking The label is neutral.
Premise is four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth. Hypothesis is nobody is cooking The label is contradiction.
Premise is four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth. Hypothesis is people cooking The label is entailment.
Premise is the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth. Hypothesis is the dog has a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth. Hypothesis is a white dog is chewing on his food. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth. Hypothesis is the dog is running with a ball in its mouth. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field. Hypothesis is the dog is fetching the ball for its owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field. Hypothesis is there is a dog with a ball outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field. Hypothesis is the dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave. Hypothesis is a man is surfing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave. Hypothesis is a man is sunbathing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave. Hypothesis is a man on vacation is at the ocean. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the air. Hypothesis is an animal jumps as a male falls. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the air. Hypothesis is a man sits on the calm bull. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people are waiting in a metro station. Hypothesis is the people are all waiting for the same train. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people are waiting in a metro station. Hypothesis is the people are outside in the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people are waiting in a metro station. Hypothesis is the people are indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting. Hypothesis is a small child dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting. Hypothesis is a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence The label is entailment.
Premise is a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting. Hypothesis is a small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence The label is entailment.
Premise is two wrestlers in an intense match. Hypothesis is two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two wrestlers in an intense match. Hypothesis is two wrestlers are competing and are brothers. The label is neutral.
Premise is two wrestlers in an intense match. Hypothesis is wrestlers are participating in a match. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward. Hypothesis is there was a bad accident The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward. Hypothesis is a man walks near a police sign The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward. Hypothesis is a panda jumps The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair. Hypothesis is a person is thrown into the air by a bungee-jumping ride The label is entailment.
Premise is a person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair. Hypothesis is a person is thrown gleefully screaming into the air by a bungee-jumping ride The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian man is performing with face paint on. Hypothesis is the asian man is drawing a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is an asian man is performing with face paint on. Hypothesis is the asian man is at home in bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an asian man is performing with face paint on. Hypothesis is the asian man is a performer. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background. Hypothesis is an old elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background. Hypothesis is an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background. Hypothesis is an ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera. Hypothesis is dogs are digging a hole. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera. Hypothesis is two cats are sleeping in the sun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera. Hypothesis is two dogs are digging under a rock. The label is entailment.
Premise is the brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him. Hypothesis is there is a furry animal in the grass. The label is entailment.
Premise is the brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him. Hypothesis is the animal is climbing a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him. Hypothesis is the animal is walking through a forest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear. Hypothesis is an officer driving down a street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear. Hypothesis is an officer on a chopper. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear. Hypothesis is an officer watching a jail cell. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive. Hypothesis is someone is flying through the sky The label is entailment.
Premise is a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive. Hypothesis is a person is driving a tractor The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive. Hypothesis is a person is skydiving alone The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by. Hypothesis is the man is running the train into another train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by. Hypothesis is two trains of different sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by. Hypothesis is a man is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a different train. The label is entailment.
Premise is a businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table. Hypothesis is man in suit The label is contradiction.
Premise is a businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table. Hypothesis is monkey eats bananas The label is contradiction.
Premise is a businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary business in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table. Hypothesis is man on lunch break The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in a dental examination. Hypothesis is an older boy is at the hospital. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in a dental examination. Hypothesis is a young boy is getting a cavity filled. The label is neutral.
Premise is four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail. Hypothesis is four people are walking along a mountain trail. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail. Hypothesis is four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm. The label is neutral.
Premise is four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail. Hypothesis is no one is on the mountain trail The label is contradiction.
Premise is a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several people are outside. Hypothesis is there are people outside the hotel. The label is entailment.
Premise is a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several people are outside. Hypothesis is there is a red car passing the entrance of the hotel carmel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a silver car is passing by the entrance of the hotel carmel, and several people are outside. Hypothesis is the people are staying at the hotel carmel. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door. Hypothesis is a woman was indoors before walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door. Hypothesis is the woman is carrying a bag with her laptop. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing green. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat. Hypothesis is a man is taking a picture of a school of whales in hawaii. The label is neutral.
Premise is a passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat. Hypothesis is a man is taking a picture of a goldfish. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat. Hypothesis is a man is using a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers. Hypothesis is a dog is dressed up for halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume. The label is neutral.
Premise is small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers. Hypothesis is a small animal is trying to get some plant life. The label is entailment.
Premise is small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers. Hypothesis is a dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth. Hypothesis is there is an animal outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth. Hypothesis is the dog is sleeping on the couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth. Hypothesis is the dog is playing fetch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a boom lift bucket welds. Hypothesis is a man is working indoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a boom lift bucket welds. Hypothesis is a man is painting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a boom lift bucket welds. Hypothesis is a man is working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people Hypothesis is the attractive brunette in a red visor gets a lot of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people Hypothesis is a raven haired woman is seen by the crowd holding a white opened umbrella. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people Hypothesis is the dark haired girl is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand. Hypothesis is a group of people are water skiing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand. Hypothesis is a group of people are playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand. Hypothesis is the white team is winning a basketball game. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are outside working. Hypothesis is people are busy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people are outside working. Hypothesis is construction workers are building something. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are outside working. Hypothesis is a group of children are swimming outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella. Hypothesis is a woman is talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella. Hypothesis is it is raining. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella. Hypothesis is a man is jogging. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system. Hypothesis is a red bus backing up into a spot The label is contradiction.
Premise is there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system. Hypothesis is a red bus at a bus stop The label is contradiction.
Premise is there's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system. Hypothesis is a red bus making a turn The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day. Hypothesis is it is nighttime. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day. Hypothesis is there are clouds in the sky. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day. Hypothesis is the two men are not wearing shirts. The label is neutral.
Premise is people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally. Hypothesis is people are rallying. The label is entailment.
Premise is people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally. Hypothesis is people are standing in a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is people protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally. Hypothesis is people are inside watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics. Hypothesis is the old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will buy The label is neutral.
Premise is an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics. Hypothesis is the old lady looks into the mirror at the makeup table The label is entailment.
Premise is an older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics. Hypothesis is the old lady plays tennis with a dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream. Hypothesis is a woman is standing in a kitchen. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream. Hypothesis is a woman in an apron is cooking spaghetti. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream. Hypothesis is a woman is making a snack. The label is neutral.
Premise is three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background. Hypothesis is two men sit in the water on boards The label is contradiction.
Premise is three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background. Hypothesis is someone is being chased on a beach The label is neutral.
Premise is three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background. Hypothesis is a number of young people run on a beach The label is entailment.
Premise is a male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background. Hypothesis is the singer is sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background. Hypothesis is a singer in a pea coat The label is entailment.
Premise is a male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background. Hypothesis is the singer is paid The label is neutral.
Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry 'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks out her tongue. Hypothesis is a man is hugging the woman The label is contradiction.
Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry 'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks out her tongue. Hypothesis is a man is mad at the woman The label is neutral.
Premise is overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an 'angry 'man 'chokes' a woman who sticks out her tongue. Hypothesis is a man chokes a woman The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair. Hypothesis is a girl in a wheelchair. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair. Hypothesis is a girl is following her parents on a wheelchair. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair. Hypothesis is a girl is running outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a business suit has just crossed the street. Hypothesis is the man is walking to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a business suit has just crossed the street. Hypothesis is the man is laying in the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a business suit has just crossed the street. Hypothesis is the man is walking. The label is neutral.
Premise is an old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it. Hypothesis is an older man, probably a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it. Hypothesis is a probable blacksmith is welding a tool. The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man, likely a blacksmith, is welding a tool, seen by the red hot scorching look of it. Hypothesis is a farmer is milking the cow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign. Hypothesis is two men display a sign to the camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign. Hypothesis is two men are throwing rocks at policemen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign. Hypothesis is a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background. Hypothesis is a man is hitting a golf ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background. Hypothesis is the man is a poor golfer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background. Hypothesis is the man is playing tennis. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart. Hypothesis is a woman is smoking a cigarette. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart. Hypothesis is an old man pushing a cart. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart. Hypothesis is there is a man wearing cloths. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water. Hypothesis is a person is outside near some water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water. Hypothesis is the man is standing by a river. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water. Hypothesis is the man is swimming in the water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog jumps over a pile of wood. Hypothesis is a dog can jump. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog jumps over a pile of wood. Hypothesis is a dog rests on a pile of wood. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog jumps over a pile of wood. Hypothesis is a dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue. Hypothesis is one of the men is a goalie. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue. Hypothesis is the men are playing field hockey. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue. Hypothesis is the men are playing soccer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers. Hypothesis is there is a group of boys standing around looking at a sports car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers. Hypothesis is a grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it. The label is neutral.
Premise is a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers. Hypothesis is a woman is standing in front of a well decorated bus. The label is entailment.
Premise is a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent. Hypothesis is the woman hits a ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent. Hypothesis is a naked man offers his balls to the police officer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent. Hypothesis is the girl hits the ball to her coach. The label is neutral.
Premise is small girl riding in play car. Hypothesis is a girl is riding in a toy car. The label is entailment.
Premise is small girl riding in play car. Hypothesis is a girl is about to crash her toy car. The label is neutral.
Premise is small girl riding in play car. Hypothesis is a young boy sits in a lawn chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man standing outside a laundromat. Hypothesis is a woman is at the laundromat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man standing outside a laundromat. Hypothesis is a man is waiting for his clothes to finish at the laundromat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man standing outside a laundromat. Hypothesis is a man is standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child on a swing. Hypothesis is a kid is on the swing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child on a swing. Hypothesis is the child is on a sled. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child on a swing. Hypothesis is the child is playing with friends on the swing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is performing for a group in front of a white house. Hypothesis is the man's performance was outside of a house. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is performing for a group in front of a white house. Hypothesis is a man performed inside of a gymnasium. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is performing for a group in front of a white house. Hypothesis is the man performed in front of his own house. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue. Hypothesis is a dog chases a boy The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue. Hypothesis is a dog chases a boy to eat him The label is neutral.
Premise is a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue. Hypothesis is a dog chases his tail The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls. Hypothesis is man building a house out of stone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls. Hypothesis is man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls. Hypothesis is man sitting at a tarot card shop, waiting for his palm to be read. The label is neutral.
Premise is a blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background. Hypothesis is nobody has a tattoo The label is contradiction.
Premise is a blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background. Hypothesis is a person with a tattoo The label is entailment.
Premise is a blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background. Hypothesis is a person with a great tatto The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls. Hypothesis is a woman is dancing in an art gallery. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls. Hypothesis is there is a person in a room. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls. Hypothesis is a woman is crying as she surveys her framing job. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl jumps off her swing in front of building. Hypothesis is girl plays in park The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl jumps off her swing in front of building. Hypothesis is girls jumps off swing The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl jumps off her swing in front of building. Hypothesis is a boy drinks coffee The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group is walking between two giant rock formations. Hypothesis is a group is swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group is walking between two giant rock formations. Hypothesis is a group is hiking. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group is walking between two giant rock formations. Hypothesis is a group is walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water. Hypothesis is three people are riding in a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water. Hypothesis is four people are standing up. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water. Hypothesis is the people are trying to cross a river without getting wet. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water. Hypothesis is a man is near a toddler The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water. Hypothesis is a older man and toddler playfully splash each other while in water The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water. Hypothesis is a grandfather is bathing his grandchild The label is neutral.
Premise is the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day. Hypothesis is women photographing statues for a magazine The label is neutral.
Premise is the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day. Hypothesis is two men taking pictures of animals The label is contradiction.
Premise is the women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day. Hypothesis is women photographing statues The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head. Hypothesis is girl dressed in colorful swim gear. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head. Hypothesis is girl dressed in nightgown sneaking into kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head. Hypothesis is girl with swim cap and goggles prepares to jump in pool. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. Hypothesis is a man is talking to others. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. Hypothesis is a man is singing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in purple tie is singing. Hypothesis is a man is performing in a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. Hypothesis is the worker is a man. The label is neutral.
Premise is a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. Hypothesis is a worker uses a shovel. The label is entailment.
Premise is a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. Hypothesis is the worker is shoveling snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is old The label is entailment.
Premise is an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is 10 years old The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture. Hypothesis is the man is 100 years old The label is neutral.
Premise is four men in the forest move a cannon down the path. Hypothesis is the women are going for a run in the forest. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four men in the forest move a cannon down the path. Hypothesis is the men are preparing to siege a castle. The label is neutral.
Premise is four men in the forest move a cannon down the path. Hypothesis is the men are in the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard. Hypothesis is a girl is baking a cake in her kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard. Hypothesis is a little girl is drawing on the board during class. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard. Hypothesis is a young girl is drawing on a chalkboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing shorts. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing black shorts. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a dress. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air. Hypothesis is a racer on horseback. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air. Hypothesis is a person on a motorcycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air. Hypothesis is a person waves at the camera. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen. Hypothesis is an old woman is making spaghetti. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen. Hypothesis is an old woman is in the kitchen. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen. Hypothesis is a young woman is making food in the kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed. Hypothesis is two sisters are eating lollipops. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed. Hypothesis is two women are eating lollipops. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed. Hypothesis is two sisters are eating cotton candy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around. Hypothesis is a man is getting tidied up for a job interview. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around. Hypothesis is a man with long braided hair is dancing alone on a sidewalk in a loincloth. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around. Hypothesis is a guy is getting his hair trimmed. The label is entailment.
Premise is men at a party hanging out on the front porch. Hypothesis is there are no men at the party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men at a party hanging out on the front porch. Hypothesis is there are men at the party. The label is entailment.
Premise is men at a party hanging out on the front porch. Hypothesis is they are smoking cigarettes on the porch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage. Hypothesis is two guys kidnap a woman. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage. Hypothesis is a man and a couple of women take a walk. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and two women are walking down a wooded path, the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage. Hypothesis is a man and a pair of women are walking down a wooden path, with the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage. The label is entailment.
Premise is girls giving a presentation for a school class. Hypothesis is the girls are inside a school. The label is entailment.
Premise is girls giving a presentation for a school class. Hypothesis is the girls are watching a presentation in a classroom. The label is contradiction.
Premise is girls giving a presentation for a school class. Hypothesis is the girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom. The label is neutral.
Premise is a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi. Hypothesis is a taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi. The label is neutral.
Premise is a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi. Hypothesis is a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi. Hypothesis is a older woman sits in a green and yellow taxi. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. Hypothesis is the sneakers are white. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. Hypothesis is the men are terrified. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack. Hypothesis is the men are using a phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a choir of youths are singing. Hypothesis is the children are singing at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a choir of youths are singing. Hypothesis is a choir of kids are singing The label is entailment.
Premise is a choir of youths are singing. Hypothesis is they are singing in a christmas program The label is neutral.
Premise is a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head. Hypothesis is something that is shown in the shot is made of paper. The label is entailment.
Premise is a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head. Hypothesis is this person's only job is being a welder on an oil rig. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head. Hypothesis is the guy just got a big tip from a customer. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black pearl jam shirt. Hypothesis is a couple of young people hanging out. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black pearl jam shirt. Hypothesis is an old couple watches the sunset. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black pearl jam shirt. Hypothesis is a couple of young people are at a concert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are on a seesaw. Hypothesis is two adults on a seesaw. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman are on a seesaw. Hypothesis is two attractive adults on a seesaw. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman are on a seesaw. Hypothesis is two children on a seesaw. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the person is reading a book. Hypothesis is a person reads their favorite novel. The label is neutral.
Premise is the person is reading a book. Hypothesis is a man listens to an audio book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the person is reading a book. Hypothesis is a person reads. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him. Hypothesis is the man is wearing a baseball cap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him. Hypothesis is a man is holding the leash of a dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him. Hypothesis is the dog is a retriever. The label is neutral.
Premise is sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation. Hypothesis is the young men are in complete agreement. The label is contradiction.
Premise is sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation. Hypothesis is young men are arguing. The label is entailment.
Premise is sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation. Hypothesis is young men went out on the balcony to argue in private. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods. Hypothesis is a boy walks through the woods. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods. Hypothesis is a girl walks through a field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods. Hypothesis is a boy walks to school through the woods. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young men are running in a grassy field. Hypothesis is the men are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of young men are running in a grassy field. Hypothesis is the group of young men play a game while on break from work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young men are running in a grassy field. Hypothesis is a man sits by himself in the grass reading a book. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress Hypothesis is a woman keeps flowers to herself. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress Hypothesis is a man takes a flower from a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress Hypothesis is a couple interacts. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit. Hypothesis is a little baby is wearing blue. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit. Hypothesis is a little baby is wearing red. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit. Hypothesis is a little baby is having lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair. Hypothesis is the man is ready to fight The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair. Hypothesis is the girl has a hot date tonight The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair. Hypothesis is the girl is getting made up The label is entailment.
Premise is there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone. Hypothesis is a women is on stage holding a guitar and is ready to perform for the audience. The label is contradiction.
Premise is there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone. Hypothesis is a woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience. The label is neutral.
Premise is there is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone. Hypothesis is a woman is on stage holding a microphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a cellphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a factory. The label is contradiction.
Premise is woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is calling her daughter. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom. Hypothesis is the woman is standing The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks. Hypothesis is a man with his diving gear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks. Hypothesis is a man with his outfit The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks. Hypothesis is a man hiding his true identity. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in bathing suits are in water. Hypothesis is girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in bathing suits are in water. Hypothesis is two girls are swiming in a pool The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls in bathing suits are in water. Hypothesis is two girls practicing swimming in a pool The label is neutral.
Premise is women are working and digging in a field. Hypothesis is women are sitting on a grassy field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is women are working and digging in a field. Hypothesis is women are digging in a field to plant corn. The label is neutral.
Premise is women are working and digging in a field. Hypothesis is women are digging. The label is entailment.
Premise is politician john mccain on a talk show. Hypothesis is john mccain is talking about politics. The label is neutral.
Premise is politician john mccain on a talk show. Hypothesis is john mccain is hosting a talk show. The label is contradiction.
Premise is politician john mccain on a talk show. Hypothesis is john mccain is on a talk show. The label is entailment.
Premise is pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection. Hypothesis is traffic drives through the crosswalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection. Hypothesis is traffic is stopped at a red light. The label is neutral.
Premise is pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection. Hypothesis is traffic waits for people to cross the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk Hypothesis is many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic. The label is neutral.
Premise is several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk Hypothesis is mane people sit in the street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk Hypothesis is many people walk to the sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is person in a long red coat walking in front of a building. Hypothesis is a person gets ready to protest near a building. The label is neutral.
Premise is person in a long red coat walking in front of a building. Hypothesis is a man in a coat takes a stroll outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture. Hypothesis is a child notices his mom taking a picture. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture. Hypothesis is someone is taking a picture of a child. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture. Hypothesis is a child's mother takes a picture of her. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood. Hypothesis is a child is riding his bike The label is entailment.
Premise is a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood. Hypothesis is the child is riding his bike to the park The label is neutral.
Premise is a child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood. Hypothesis is the child is at home watching movies The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl. Hypothesis is a mother and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl. Hypothesis is people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl. Hypothesis is the people are riding in a plane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing. Hypothesis is the tourists are having their picture taken by a famous work of art. The label is neutral.
Premise is an older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing. Hypothesis is the couple standing by a statue are having their picture taken. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing. Hypothesis is the young couple are taking pictures of the countryside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes. Hypothesis is three people sit in a cafe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes. Hypothesis is the performers are performing in a cabaret. The label is neutral.
Premise is three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes. Hypothesis is three performers wear lace costumes. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle. Hypothesis is a human is riding a vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle. Hypothesis is a little girl in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain bike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle. Hypothesis is a little girl in a gray jacket is driving a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are outside. Hypothesis is three people enjoying the great outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are outside. Hypothesis is two people standing. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are outside. Hypothesis is three people in nature. The label is entailment.
Premise is uniformed group walks down a street. Hypothesis is a group of soldiers patrol the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is uniformed group walks down a street. Hypothesis is a group of people watch a movie. The label is contradiction.
Premise is uniformed group walks down a street. Hypothesis is a group of people walk down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk. Hypothesis is two people are outside walking together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk. Hypothesis is two girls are walking through new york city. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk. Hypothesis is an old pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza. Hypothesis is kids are splashing around in a fountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza. Hypothesis is kids are taking a bath. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza. Hypothesis is kids are are standing in a fountain. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black hat opens his mouth. Hypothesis is a person separates his upper and lower jaw. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black hat opens his mouth. Hypothesis is the governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black hat opens his mouth. Hypothesis is a man in black hat keeps his lips sealed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other. Hypothesis is the top is pink The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other. Hypothesis is the glass bottle is big The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a stitch doll in the other. Hypothesis is the doll isn't stitch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below. Hypothesis is man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below. Hypothesis is man jumps off cliff near city. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man jumps off a cliff with a city view below. Hypothesis is man walks down a hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to mr. t looks on. Hypothesis is both of these women are clinically mute. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to mr. t looks on. Hypothesis is a young woman stands near a stove. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to mr. t looks on. Hypothesis is a young chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background. Hypothesis is they are hanging out with mr. rogers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background. Hypothesis is they are in the kitchen. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are in a small kitchen, with a lit up portrait of mr. t in the background. Hypothesis is they are indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling. Hypothesis is the man is walking his dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling. Hypothesis is a man is grilling. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling. Hypothesis is the man is making hot dogs and hamburgers. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men entering a brick home during the snow. Hypothesis is the men are contractors The label is neutral.
Premise is two men entering a brick home during the snow. Hypothesis is there is snow outside The label is entailment.
Premise is two men entering a brick home during the snow. Hypothesis is it's a bright summer day when the men enter the home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole. Hypothesis is nobody is poking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole. Hypothesis is a human poking The label is entailment.
Premise is a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole. Hypothesis is a tall human poking The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame. Hypothesis is the men are working on something. The label is entailment.
Premise is two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame. Hypothesis is the two men are brothers. The label is neutral.
Premise is two construction workers perched on an i beam, assembling a building frame. Hypothesis is the men are sleeping in a bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two females are holding sacks. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk. Hypothesis is some women are applying makeup. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake. Hypothesis is a girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake. Hypothesis is a girl is falling off a pier, into a lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women sitting at a table with their hands together. Hypothesis is two women are sitting down. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women sitting at a table with their hands together. Hypothesis is two women are praying at a table before they eat their lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women sitting at a table with their hands together. Hypothesis is two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages. The label is neutral.
Premise is hikers walk along some tough terrain. Hypothesis is a mid-day tea party in a miniature house attracts these young girls. The label is contradiction.
Premise is hikers walk along some tough terrain. Hypothesis is hiking pace along rough terrain. The label is entailment.
Premise is hikers walk along some tough terrain. Hypothesis is hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are sitting in a cheery mexican restaurant. Hypothesis is people are in an ethnic establishment The label is entailment.
Premise is people are sitting in a cheery mexican restaurant. Hypothesis is people are ready to order chinese food The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are sitting in a cheery mexican restaurant. Hypothesis is people are listening to mariachi music The label is neutral.
Premise is an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone. Hypothesis is a man is sleeping in front of a fountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone. Hypothesis is a man is talking to his girlfriend on the phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is an obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone. Hypothesis is a man is talking outside on his phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is an older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms. Hypothesis is a cat sleeps soundly The label is contradiction.
Premise is an older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms. Hypothesis is a coach teaches his kids The label is neutral.
Premise is an older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms. Hypothesis is a man talks to kids The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right. Hypothesis is the woman is sleeping on a pillow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right. Hypothesis is the woman is looking at a dog. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at something to her right. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball. Hypothesis is the rugby player is tall. The label is neutral.
Premise is a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball. Hypothesis is the person is playing rugby. The label is entailment.
Premise is a rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball. Hypothesis is there is a person sitting on the bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street. Hypothesis is an old woman in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street. Hypothesis is a human and an animal are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street. Hypothesis is a woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers. Hypothesis is the girl is watering pansies and daisies. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers. Hypothesis is the girl is giving the flowers some water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers. Hypothesis is the girl is putting water in the pot. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course. Hypothesis is some people have gone to the woods for training. The label is neutral.
Premise is the little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course. Hypothesis is kid are allowed to attempt the assault course. The label is entailment.
Premise is the little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course. Hypothesis is the girl tries on the blue dress at the store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people wearing sombreros drink shots happily. Hypothesis is people enjoying the festivities in cancun. The label is neutral.
Premise is people wearing sombreros drink shots happily. Hypothesis is fiesta time! The label is entailment.
Premise is people wearing sombreros drink shots happily. Hypothesis is mourners toast their lost loved ones. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball. Hypothesis is a woman is bowling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball. Hypothesis is a woman is in a bowling alley. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball. Hypothesis is a women is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood. Hypothesis is two people are sitting on the side of the road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood. Hypothesis is two people are working on their vehicle. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood. Hypothesis is two people are looking at a car. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces. Hypothesis is a woman sits on a rug next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces. Hypothesis is a woman and her son play the third of a best of three checkers tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces. Hypothesis is a woman stands in a tv room and watches her son watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men, women and children are standing around. Hypothesis is a group of people are laying down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of men, women and children are standing around. Hypothesis is a large group of people are standing around. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of men, women and children are standing around. Hypothesis is a group of people are standing around. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe. Hypothesis is a woman in an orange jacket. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe. Hypothesis is a women walking outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe. Hypothesis is two elderly men cat calling at a woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow. Hypothesis is a mother and her child are playing in the snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow. Hypothesis is there is a child on a sled. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow. Hypothesis is the woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair. Hypothesis is a male model with a mohawk, tattoos, and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is a guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair. Hypothesis is a man is taking photos of his cat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair. Hypothesis is a man is in a chair. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men pouring concrete onto another truck. Hypothesis is there are two men The label is entailment.
Premise is two men pouring concrete onto another truck. Hypothesis is they are friends The label is neutral.
Premise is two men pouring concrete onto another truck. Hypothesis is the men are eating lunch The label is contradiction.
Premise is batter hits a baseball Hypothesis is a man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat. The label is neutral.
Premise is batter hits a baseball Hypothesis is a man in a baseball game hits a foul ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is batter hits a baseball Hypothesis is an umpire signals that the runner sliding into home plate is 'out'. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is the dog is asleep in the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is a black dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its owner. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth. Hypothesis is the black dog is swimming. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy is taking american flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans. Hypothesis is a girl is fighting a veteran. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy is taking american flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans. Hypothesis is a young boy is being forced to remind others of veterans. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy is taking american flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans. Hypothesis is a young boy is honoring fallen veterans. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric. Hypothesis is a horse jumps over a fence. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric. Hypothesis is an acrobat is hanging upside down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric. Hypothesis is a circus is going on. The label is neutral.
Premise is a musical group performs on stage with their instruments. Hypothesis is a rock band performs on the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a musical group performs on stage with their instruments. Hypothesis is a group performs with instruments. The label is entailment.
Premise is a musical group performs on stage with their instruments. Hypothesis is the jazz band performs. The label is neutral.
Premise is two samoyads play in the snow. Hypothesis is it is snowy outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is two samoyads play in the snow. Hypothesis is the samoyads are wrestling. The label is neutral.
Premise is two samoyads play in the snow. Hypothesis is the samoyads are eating their dinner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb. Hypothesis is the boy has his face painted. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb. Hypothesis is the boy lost his pacifier. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb. Hypothesis is the boy is not sucking his thumb. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall. Hypothesis is a boy is sitting on a log. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall. Hypothesis is a boy is thinking outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass. Hypothesis is the two girls are sisters. The label is neutral.
Premise is two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass. Hypothesis is two boys smile wearing tank tops. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass. Hypothesis is two girls smile wearing sunglasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is children are playing in the street with a toy. Hypothesis is the children have a ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is children are playing in the street with a toy. Hypothesis is the children are near some cars. The label is neutral.
Premise is children are playing in the street with a toy. Hypothesis is the children are inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him. Hypothesis is a man is holding a musical instrument. The label is entailment.
Premise is man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him. Hypothesis is a man is about to perform a song. The label is neutral.
Premise is man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him. Hypothesis is a woman sits on the floor near a blue bike. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning. Hypothesis is the boy is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning. Hypothesis is the boy is 2 years old. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning. Hypothesis is the boy is standing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is surfing a big wave. Hypothesis is a person is sitting in a chair. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is surfing a big wave. Hypothesis is a person is surfing a big hundred foot wave. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person is surfing a big wave. Hypothesis is a person is surfing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left Hypothesis is two boys are surrounded by toys. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left Hypothesis is the two boys are having a playdate arranged by their mothers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male baseball player for the baseball team the indians prepares to catch a ball. Hypothesis is that player has never missed a catch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a male baseball player for the baseball team the indians prepares to catch a ball. Hypothesis is the male baseball player belongs to the cleveland indians. The label is entailment.
Premise is a soldier using binoculars in a desert. Hypothesis is a soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert. The label is neutral.
Premise is a soldier using binoculars in a desert. Hypothesis is a soldier using binoculars outside in the heat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a soldier using binoculars in a desert. Hypothesis is a soldier standing outside of a palace. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims. Hypothesis is a dog is about to be attacked by a gator. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims. Hypothesis is a dog is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims. Hypothesis is people are crossing a river. The label is entailment.
Premise is a beach boardwalk during summertime. Hypothesis is a path covered by snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a beach boardwalk during summertime. Hypothesis is a hot summer by the beach on the walkway. The label is entailment.
Premise is a beach boardwalk during summertime. Hypothesis is a wooden path towards the shore. The label is entailment.
Premise is a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him. Hypothesis is the singer did not show up The label is contradiction.
Premise is a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him. Hypothesis is a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage The label is entailment.
Premise is a singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him. Hypothesis is a singer is on american idol The label is neutral.
Premise is a busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime. Hypothesis is nobody is lined up The label is contradiction.
Premise is a busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime. Hypothesis is tall people lined up The label is neutral.
Premise is a man cycling on road and enjoying. Hypothesis is a man enjoys his bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man cycling on road and enjoying. Hypothesis is a man is enjoying his favorite route. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man cycling on road and enjoying. Hypothesis is a man is asleep in his bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray. Hypothesis is a personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity client and her dinner guests. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray. Hypothesis is a person in appropriate institution protection works with meals. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray. Hypothesis is a young man with earrings and a mohawk, prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog biting a man's rear Hypothesis is an animal is biting a man. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog biting a man's rear Hypothesis is an animal bit its owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog biting a man's rear Hypothesis is a cat attacks a man. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled lottery ticket centre. Hypothesis is a man is near a building labeled lottery ticket centre. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled lottery ticket centre. Hypothesis is a man just purchased some lottery tickets. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled lottery ticket centre. Hypothesis is a man in a red jacket is near a building labeled lottery ticket centre. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves. Hypothesis is a cat running up a tree The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves. Hypothesis is a dog running down a road The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves. Hypothesis is a dog running down a leaf covered road carrying a ball in it's mouth The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it. Hypothesis is a couple walks in front of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it. Hypothesis is a couple walks in front of a boat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a couple walks hand-in-hand in front of victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it. Hypothesis is a couple walks in front of a three story building. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back. Hypothesis is a man is carrying a bag on his back. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back. Hypothesis is a man is hiking outside with a bag on his back. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back. Hypothesis is a man is outside with no bag on his back. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in. Hypothesis is two boys in a boat The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in. Hypothesis is two boys in a sailboat The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in. Hypothesis is boys trying to escape an incoming storm The label is neutral.
Premise is a swan landing in a lake. Hypothesis is a bird is on a lake. The label is entailment.
Premise is a swan landing in a lake. Hypothesis is a swan is flying away from a lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a swan landing in a lake. Hypothesis is a bird is looking for food on a lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand. Hypothesis is the person has a coat on. The label is entailment.
Premise is the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand. Hypothesis is the woman is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand. Hypothesis is the woman is trying to get a picture of her friend. The label is neutral.
Premise is in a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo. Hypothesis is the log is for firewood. The label is neutral.
Premise is in a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo. Hypothesis is the men have put out a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is in a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo. Hypothesis is the men felled the log in a snowy area. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of students are walking through the campus. Hypothesis is a group of people are walking together The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of students are walking through the campus. Hypothesis is a group of people sit at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of students are walking through the campus. Hypothesis is there is a school tour going on The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. Hypothesis is a sad man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. Hypothesis is a woman in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. Hypothesis is a person in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night. Hypothesis is the men are repairing the streets. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night. Hypothesis is three men are doing repairs. The label is entailment.
Premise is three men in orange suits are doing street repairs at night. Hypothesis is three men in orange suits escaped from prison. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side. Hypothesis is a little girl lays on a hospital bed The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side. Hypothesis is a kid is at the hospital The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side. Hypothesis is a kid broke his leg The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are participating in the sport fencing. Hypothesis is two people competing in a fencing tournament The label is neutral.
Premise is two people are participating in the sport fencing. Hypothesis is two people holding fencing swords The label is entailment.
Premise is two people are participating in the sport fencing. Hypothesis is two people playing dodgeball The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy on a skateboard in midair Hypothesis is the boy is riding his board. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy on a skateboard in midair Hypothesis is the boy is doing a jump on rollerblades. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy on a skateboard in midair Hypothesis is the boy is doing a trick. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man biking down a tunnel. Hypothesis is a man is playing video games. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man biking down a tunnel. Hypothesis is a person is on a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man biking down a tunnel. Hypothesis is a man is winning a bike race. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background. Hypothesis is they are swimming in the lake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background. Hypothesis is there is a man and a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background. Hypothesis is they have been swimming. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach. Hypothesis is a dad and son is playing on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man throws his young boy playfully into the air standing on a beach. Hypothesis is a man and a boy is playing on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children are shooting guns in the woods. Hypothesis is three children are in a forested area. The label is entailment.
Premise is three children are shooting guns in the woods. Hypothesis is three children are making a cup of tea together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children are shooting guns in the woods. Hypothesis is three children are shooting a deer. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery. Hypothesis is people are playing video games. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery. Hypothesis is the hikers have backpacks. The label is neutral.
Premise is people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery. Hypothesis is the mountain is bare. The label is entailment.
Premise is an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky. Hypothesis is a woman is taking a picture outdoors The label is neutral.
Premise is an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky. Hypothesis is a woman is inside at the movies The label is contradiction.
Premise is an individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky. Hypothesis is a person is outside The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion. Hypothesis is a woman and two men are having a discussion about freedom. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion. Hypothesis is a woman and two men are negotiating a threesome. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion. Hypothesis is a woman and two men are talking amongst themselves. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an asian shop. Hypothesis is a man is blowing out his birthday cake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an asian shop. Hypothesis is a man is out in public. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an asian shop. Hypothesis is the adult is shopping for a gift. The label is entailment.
Premise is people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market. Hypothesis is people buy produce at a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market. Hypothesis is people are dancing to music in a club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market. Hypothesis is people are shopping for many things at the market. The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house. Hypothesis is the workers are sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house. Hypothesis is the workers are working infront of the house The label is entailment.
Premise is two workers, one in a ditch and one standing on the ground, are working in front of a house. Hypothesis is the workers are standing on the ground The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads 'poet for hire.' Hypothesis is the guy is looking for a job. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads 'poet for hire.' Hypothesis is the gentleman is standing by the table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads 'poet for hire.' Hypothesis is the male is a poet. The label is entailment.
Premise is people with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building. Hypothesis is people are walking outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is people with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building. Hypothesis is people are riding a bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is people with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building. Hypothesis is homeless people are walking outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is a balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman. Hypothesis is the man is visiting gettysburg national cemetary in gettysburg pa with his family. The label is neutral.
Premise is a balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman. Hypothesis is the man is canoeing down a slowly-moving river, enjoying the noonday sun. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman. Hypothesis is there are both people and animals in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall. Hypothesis is the man wants to purchase some produce. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall. Hypothesis is the man is walking in a direction. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall. Hypothesis is the man is sitting on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car. Hypothesis is race cars The label is entailment.
Premise is indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car. Hypothesis is people playing racketball The label is contradiction.
Premise is indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car. Hypothesis is a driver passing his opponent on the last lap The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl. Hypothesis is a family is at the mall The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl. Hypothesis is a woman is driving her kids around The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl. Hypothesis is a woman is with a couple of children The label is entailment.
Premise is a young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background. Hypothesis is a child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background. Hypothesis is a child takes a nap on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background. Hypothesis is a child looks at the sky outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is she is cooking food while wearing a dress. Hypothesis is a woman in a dress cooks food. The label is entailment.
Premise is she is cooking food while wearing a dress. Hypothesis is a woman in a dress prepares a steak. The label is neutral.
Premise is she is cooking food while wearing a dress. Hypothesis is a woman in a dress dances in the club. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four dogs of varying breeds running through a field. Hypothesis is various dogs sleeping in a house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four dogs of varying breeds running through a field. Hypothesis is some animals outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is four dogs of varying breeds running through a field. Hypothesis is some dogs playing in grass. The label is neutral.
Premise is a choir practicing in a church. Hypothesis is a choir is preparing to sing for a wedding. The label is neutral.
Premise is a choir practicing in a church. Hypothesis is a group of singers sings. The label is entailment.
Premise is a choir practicing in a church. Hypothesis is a group of people is yelling and shouting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired. Hypothesis is the woman looks weary. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired. Hypothesis is the woman looks like she's full of energy. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired. Hypothesis is the woman had a long day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a young boy wears a helmet and biking boots. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a young boy wears a helmet while on a motorcycle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle. Hypothesis is a young boy is watering some plants. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two children play in the snow by the side of the road. Hypothesis is kids are building a snow man. The label is neutral.
Premise is two children play in the snow by the side of the road. Hypothesis is toddles are roasting marshmallows. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two children play in the snow by the side of the road. Hypothesis is kids are enjoying the cold weather. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path. Hypothesis is a man with headphones is biking. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path. Hypothesis is a man is biking down a path. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path. Hypothesis is a woman is jogging down a road. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is throwing something into the road. Hypothesis is a man throws salt on a snowy road. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is throwing something into the road. Hypothesis is a man is near the road. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is throwing something into the road. Hypothesis is a man paints a house. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help. Hypothesis is a skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three men watch excitedly The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help. Hypothesis is an injured skier being taken for medical help The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men, while two other men and a woman prepare to help. Hypothesis is three men help a skier The label is entailment.
Premise is young children play on scaffolding. Hypothesis is happy children play on scaffolding. The label is neutral.
Premise is young children play on scaffolding. Hypothesis is young men play on scaffolding. The label is contradiction.
Premise is young children play on scaffolding. Hypothesis is young people play on scaffolding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus. Hypothesis is the woman is folding the laundry The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus. Hypothesis is the woman has been fishing in the ocean The label is neutral.
Premise is a black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus. Hypothesis is there is a woman outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water. Hypothesis is pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water. Hypothesis is the body of water is a lake. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water. Hypothesis is the two young boys are playing kickball at the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them. Hypothesis is two men working on the roof of an apartment building The label is entailment.
Premise is two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them. Hypothesis is two men not working on the roof of an apartment building The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them. Hypothesis is two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building The label is neutral.
Premise is a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope. Hypothesis is the man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope. Hypothesis is a man is climbing a rope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man trying his hardest to climb up a rope. Hypothesis is the man climbing a rope to get to the top. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna. Hypothesis is the couple are wearing yellow bandanas. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna. Hypothesis is the woman is a dirty hippie. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna. Hypothesis is the people are wearing bandanas. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake's skin in her hands The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting on her couch coloring her fingernails. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake. Hypothesis is a girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake. The label is entailment.
Premise is a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city. Hypothesis is a taxi cab with two women in the backseat talking on their cellphones. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city. Hypothesis is a trolley taking people to work and school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city. Hypothesis is a trolley making it's way through a city. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope. Hypothesis is the young woman removes her clothes, 'i came in like wrecking ball!' The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope. Hypothesis is a young woman is playing on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope. Hypothesis is the photo is taking place in a gym. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building. Hypothesis is a girl watches everybody loves raymond. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building. Hypothesis is a girl debates eating at a certain restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building. Hypothesis is a girl in front of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera. Hypothesis is four people are walking The label is entailment.
Premise is four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera. Hypothesis is four people are sleeping at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera. Hypothesis is a group of friends are headed to wendys The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is squatting on the ground. Hypothesis is a man is in his bed asleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is squatting on the ground. Hypothesis is a man is near the ground. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is squatting on the ground. Hypothesis is a man is searching for something he dropped. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people gather around a truck. Hypothesis is a group of people sit in the living room. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people gather around a truck. Hypothesis is a group of people gather near the monster truck. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people gather around a truck. Hypothesis is a group are gathered near a vehicle. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table. Hypothesis is the lady on the table is cutting her sandwhich The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table. Hypothesis is the lady on the table is leeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table. Hypothesis is the lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur. Hypothesis is the woman is watching television The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur. Hypothesis is the woman is using a magnification device The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur. Hypothesis is the woman is in an outdoor park The label is neutral.
Premise is stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away. Hypothesis is two players are sitting on a couch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away. Hypothesis is a football game is being played. The label is neutral.
Premise is stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away. Hypothesis is a wide reciever is trying to make a catch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men outside of a restaurant. Hypothesis is two men are eating inside a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men outside of a restaurant. Hypothesis is two men are sitting on the restaurant patio. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men outside of a restaurant. Hypothesis is two men are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on. Hypothesis is some of the people here have been in the armed forces. The label is entailment.
Premise is army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on. Hypothesis is no animal products can be seen here. The label is contradiction.
Premise is army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on. Hypothesis is the men here will eat a lot of food soon. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy splashing through the ocean. Hypothesis is the boy is at the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy splashing through the ocean. Hypothesis is the boy is in kansas. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy splashing through the ocean. Hypothesis is the boy is swimming. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind. Hypothesis is the pet is taking a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind. Hypothesis is there is an animal outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind. Hypothesis is a dog is running towards it's owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman happy about something. Hypothesis is a happy woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman happy about something. Hypothesis is a woman is happy that her husband is home from work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman happy about something. Hypothesis is a man is yelling at his wife. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor. Hypothesis is there are two women and two children. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor. Hypothesis is there are two women and two sleeping children. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor. Hypothesis is two mothers and their children are playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage. Hypothesis is the cheerleaders are sitting in the stands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage. Hypothesis is they are holding pom poms. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage. Hypothesis is cheerleaders are performing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room. Hypothesis is a man is singing indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room. Hypothesis is the man is buying a new guitar at the store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room. Hypothesis is someone is playing a song for a group of people. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks. Hypothesis is a man and woman ride a mule The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks. Hypothesis is the couple is driving The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks. Hypothesis is the couple is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a photographer carefully sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background. Hypothesis is a man has a camera in the woods. The label is neutral.
Premise is two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying 'politie' on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd. Hypothesis is the crowd are composed of one person. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying 'politie' on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd. Hypothesis is the women are married. The label is neutral.
Premise is two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying 'politie' on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd. Hypothesis is the women are wearing clothes The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing glasses and a brown beanie. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing glasses and a light brown beanie. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing glasses and a white beanie. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is dancing in front of a band. Hypothesis is the man is buying groceries. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is dancing in front of a band. Hypothesis is the man is having a good time. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is dancing in front of a band. Hypothesis is a man is dancing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform. Hypothesis is a group of friends are travelling to hawaii. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform. Hypothesis is a group of people are pulling suitcases. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform. Hypothesis is two couples are drinking a lemonade. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus. Hypothesis is a painter is sketching. The label is entailment.
Premise is a painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus. Hypothesis is a painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm. The label is neutral.
Premise is a painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus. Hypothesis is a painter is doing a watercolor painting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event. Hypothesis is the woman is at a ski lodge The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event. Hypothesis is the woman is at a party The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event. Hypothesis is the woman is outdoors The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head. Hypothesis is a man is carrying a little girl off the ground. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head. Hypothesis is a man is carrying his daughter above his head. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head. Hypothesis is a man is playing monopoly with a little girl. The label is contradiction.
Premise is as a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee. Hypothesis is a player falls face first The label is contradiction.
Premise is as a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee. Hypothesis is a player makes a diving catch The label is entailment.
Premise is as a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee. Hypothesis is a player makes the game winning catch The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by. Hypothesis is a man on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by. Hypothesis is a homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by. Hypothesis is a man performs for the public The label is entailment.
Premise is a young football player watches a game with his coach. Hypothesis is a basketball player watches a game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young football player watches a game with his coach. Hypothesis is two people are watching a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys run to the entryway of an old building. Hypothesis is two kids are running after a dog that got away. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys run to the entryway of an old building. Hypothesis is two young men are in a hurry. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys run to the entryway of an old building. Hypothesis is a couple of children are eating popsicles at a birthday party. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background. Hypothesis is the ladies are all seated. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background. Hypothesis is the ladies are friends. The label is neutral.
Premise is the dogs are playing on the bed. Hypothesis is dogs fighting each other for the chance to sleep on the bed. The label is neutral.
Premise is the dogs are playing on the bed. Hypothesis is two cats playing on the bed together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the dogs are playing on the bed. Hypothesis is dogs playing together inside. The label is entailment.
Premise is four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates. Hypothesis is kids eat at a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates. Hypothesis is kids play outside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four kids sitting at a table with food on several plates. Hypothesis is kids sitting at a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is observing pictures on a camera. Hypothesis is a women observing a camera The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is observing pictures on a camera. Hypothesis is a women purchasing a new camera from the store. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is observing pictures on a camera. Hypothesis is a women cradling a baby. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball. Hypothesis is a baseball player not sliding into a base The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball. Hypothesis is a baseball player joyously sliding into a base The label is neutral.
Premise is a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball. Hypothesis is a baseball player sliding into a base The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool. Hypothesis is a dog sleeping on the porch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool. Hypothesis is a brown dog swims. The label is entailment.
Premise is a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool. Hypothesis is a brown dog swims with their owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs. Hypothesis is two fathers maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs. Hypothesis is a young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes upstairs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs. Hypothesis is a woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper level of a building. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building. Hypothesis is the brick building had glass doors in front The label is entailment.
Premise is a man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building. Hypothesis is the man with the skateboard is waiting for a plane The label is neutral.
Premise is a man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building. Hypothesis is the man on the skateboard is going to bounce off the glass doors The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a man is playing a brown guitar The label is neutral.
Premise is a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is the man is also playing the drums The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette. Hypothesis is a man is playing guitar The label is entailment.
Premise is two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor. Hypothesis is the boys are having fun playing with the train set. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor. Hypothesis is two girls are playing with dolls. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor. Hypothesis is the floor is made of wood. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of individuals are sitting together in a room. Hypothesis is the people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of individuals are sitting together in a room. Hypothesis is there are several people in this picture, and they are all inside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of individuals are sitting together in a room. Hypothesis is the people are all driving go-carts around a track at their local family fun center. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid Hypothesis is a woman in a blue tank top holding a car. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid Hypothesis is a woman is drinking. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid Hypothesis is a woman in a pink tank top holding a mug. The label is entailment.
Premise is a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures. Hypothesis is people are watching a ball game. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures. Hypothesis is people are taking pictures of the indy 500. The label is neutral.
Premise is a race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures. Hypothesis is people are taking pictures. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall. Hypothesis is two girls hiding behind a wall. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall. Hypothesis is girls standing up against a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall. Hypothesis is two girls playing hopscotch in an open court. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the dog's mouth is open like he is yawning. Hypothesis is a dog is yawning The label is entailment.
Premise is the dog's mouth is open like he is yawning. Hypothesis is a dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk The label is neutral.
Premise is the dog's mouth is open like he is yawning. Hypothesis is a dog is running The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench. Hypothesis is a bench rests on a man The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench. Hypothesis is a man relaxes on a bench The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench. Hypothesis is a person rests on seat The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray shirt is looking at something. Hypothesis is a woman in a gray shirt looking at her book. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray shirt is looking at something. Hypothesis is a woman in a gray shirt looking onward. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a gray shirt is looking at something. Hypothesis is a woman in a red shirt baking a cake. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog. Hypothesis is the dog is a shitzu. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog. Hypothesis is the crazy cat lady is scooping the litter box. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog. Hypothesis is a woman is playing with her dog. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces. Hypothesis is a girl chokes out a boy with shoelaces The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces. Hypothesis is a girl helps a boy tie his shoes The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces. Hypothesis is a girl helps her brother tie his shoes The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holding girl at top of a slide Hypothesis is a man with a girl on a swing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holding girl at top of a slide Hypothesis is a man with a girl playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man holding girl at top of a slide Hypothesis is a man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street. Hypothesis is some kids pass their friends on a street. The label is neutral.
Premise is two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street. Hypothesis is some kids eat dinner with their families. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street. Hypothesis is some kids pass other kids on a street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food. Hypothesis is a group of people standing around waiting for a bus. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food. Hypothesis is a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food. Hypothesis is a group of people buy food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is running parallel with the ocean waves. Hypothesis is the pet is eating. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog is running parallel with the ocean waves. Hypothesis is a dog is on the beach. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is running parallel with the ocean waves. Hypothesis is a dog is running towards its owner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians. Hypothesis is the people are in a city. The label is entailment.
Premise is a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians. Hypothesis is the people are indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians. Hypothesis is the traffic is busy. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off. Hypothesis is a woman is standing in high heels, leaning against a wall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off. Hypothesis is a woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing only one shoe. The label is entailment.
Premise is this man is working with an i-pad. Hypothesis is the man is typing a paper The label is neutral.
Premise is this man is working with an i-pad. Hypothesis is the man has a pc The label is contradiction.
Premise is this man is working with an i-pad. Hypothesis is the man is eating lunch The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of wood silk. Hypothesis is a man polishes a floor next to a can The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of wood silk. Hypothesis is a man polishes a floor The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of wood silk. Hypothesis is a man sleep The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little girls dancing on the floor Hypothesis is two kids happily jiving on the dance floor. The label is neutral.
Premise is two little girls dancing on the floor Hypothesis is two kids playing on the playground. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two little girls dancing on the floor Hypothesis is two kids jiving on the dance floor. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a skirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by. Hypothesis is the woman is blonde. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a white shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a suit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone. Hypothesis is a person addresses a crowd. The label is entailment.
Premise is a public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone. Hypothesis is a man gives a speech about the economy. The label is neutral.
Premise is men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup. Hypothesis is men are playing basketball. The label is entailment.
Premise is men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup. Hypothesis is men are playing basketball, the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw. The label is contradiction.
Premise is men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup. Hypothesis is men are playing basketball as one guy wins the game by attempting a layup. The label is neutral.
Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. Hypothesis is a brown dog is walking outside The label is entailment.
Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. Hypothesis is a dog is lying on the carpet. The label is contradiction.
Premise is large brown dog walking in shallow water. Hypothesis is an animal is in water The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room. Hypothesis is the man is old The label is entailment.
Premise is an old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room. Hypothesis is the man frowns at the camera The label is contradiction.
Premise is an old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room. Hypothesis is the man is a father The label is neutral.
Premise is red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine. Hypothesis is the blonde lawyer refused to comment. The label is contradiction.
Premise is red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine. Hypothesis is she answers questions while sitting at a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine. Hypothesis is the pr rep fielded questions during the interview. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard. Hypothesis is the curb is dangerous. The label is neutral.
Premise is a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard. Hypothesis is the skateboard is grinding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard. Hypothesis is the skateboard is resting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the players manuever for the soccer ball. Hypothesis is soccer players play outside. The label is neutral.
Premise is the players manuever for the soccer ball. Hypothesis is soccer players are trying to get the ball. The label is entailment.
Premise is the players manuever for the soccer ball. Hypothesis is bowlers are eating sandwiches. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger. Hypothesis is a female has a bee on her hand. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger. Hypothesis is the hat wearing girl is petting a cat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger. Hypothesis is the girl is in contact with an insect. The label is entailment.
Premise is a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something. Hypothesis is somebody saw something in the sky The label is neutral.
Premise is a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something. Hypothesis is no one saw the rainbow in the sky The label is neutral.
Premise is a teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something. Hypothesis is there was a group of people present The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of dogs stand in the snow. Hypothesis is there are animals outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of dogs stand in the snow. Hypothesis is some animals are forced to stand still in snow. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of dogs stand in the snow. Hypothesis is a woman in neon green hails a cab alone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day. Hypothesis is the headscarf is a gift. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day. Hypothesis is the day is hot. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day. Hypothesis is the man is completely nude. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path. Hypothesis is the cyclist is traveling faster than the cars. The label is neutral.
Premise is a hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path. Hypothesis is the cyclist is riding on water. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path. Hypothesis is the cyclist rides on a public street. The label is entailment.
Premise is people in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water. Hypothesis is a family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy The label is neutral.
Premise is people in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water. Hypothesis is people hanging outside by the water The label is entailment.
Premise is people in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water. Hypothesis is 3 people are seated with their backs against each other The label is contradiction.
Premise is two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in. Hypothesis is the guy's jacket is red. The label is entailment.
Premise is two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in. Hypothesis is the guy is wearing a cap. The label is neutral.
Premise is two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in. Hypothesis is a guy is wearing a red jacket. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball. Hypothesis is a youngster is paddling a canoe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball. Hypothesis is a boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball. Hypothesis is a child is exercising among garbage. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival. Hypothesis is a woman drinks a beer. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival. Hypothesis is a woman inspects a garment. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival. Hypothesis is a woman checks for a stain on her son's shirt at the festival. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal. Hypothesis is a man throwing a frisbee. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal. Hypothesis is a man digging a hole. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man throws a frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal. Hypothesis is a man playing in a tournament. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, 'demos, the business of care.' Hypothesis is a trio of humans is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, 'demos, the business of care.' Hypothesis is three humans are practicing their square-dancing moves. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, 'demos, the business of care.' Hypothesis is there are some people at a business meeting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it. Hypothesis is the people are tourists The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it. Hypothesis is some people are sitted The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it. Hypothesis is the people are standing at the cliff The label is contradiction.
Premise is an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape. Hypothesis is the rider is in his garage The label is contradiction.
Premise is an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape. Hypothesis is the rider is following his friends in the sand. The label is neutral.
Premise is an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape. Hypothesis is the rider is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains. Hypothesis is a group of children are on stage The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains. Hypothesis is a group of children are performing a play The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains. Hypothesis is a group of children are sitting at desks The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him. Hypothesis is a man is shooting a basketball at the goal. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him. Hypothesis is a man is playing tennis. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him. Hypothesis is a man is about to hit the winning point in a tennis match. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around. Hypothesis is elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around. Hypothesis is humans are outside going to various shopping places. The label is neutral.
Premise is a cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around. Hypothesis is humans are outside meandering around. The label is entailment.
Premise is smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor Hypothesis is many toys strewn about on the floor. The label is entailment.
Premise is smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor Hypothesis is a man playing with an airplane. The label is contradiction.
Premise is smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor Hypothesis is the baby's diaper is full of feces. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him. Hypothesis is the players are brazilian The label is neutral.
Premise is two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him. Hypothesis is the players are asleep The label is contradiction.
Premise is two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him. Hypothesis is people playing soccer The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence. Hypothesis is two dogs are in the yard. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence. Hypothesis is two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence. Hypothesis is two dogs are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly male is blowing air into an object. Hypothesis is an elderly male is blowing air inyto an object The label is entailment.
Premise is an elderly male is blowing air into an object. Hypothesis is the elderly man  was blowing up a balloon The label is neutral.
Premise is an elderly male is blowing air into an object. Hypothesis is the elderly man gave up blowing air into the object The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called ny dosas, miles at the camera. Hypothesis is the man selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called ny dosas, miles at the camera. Hypothesis is a man is sitting at a table in a bistro. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called ny dosas, miles at the camera. Hypothesis is a street vendor is smiling at a camera. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy plays basketball. Hypothesis is a boy is playing football. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy plays basketball. Hypothesis is the boy is going to dunk the ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy plays basketball. Hypothesis is the boy is on a basketball court. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy jumps on the beach. Hypothesis is a boy jumps in the air. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy jumps on the beach. Hypothesis is a boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy jumps on the beach. Hypothesis is a boy is happy to be so close to the water. The label is neutral.
Premise is two dogs run across the woods. Hypothesis is the dogs laid down on the rug The label is contradiction.
Premise is two dogs run across the woods. Hypothesis is the canines run around in the forest. The label is entailment.
Premise is two dogs run across the woods. Hypothesis is the dogs are running after an animal The label is neutral.
Premise is a young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street. Hypothesis is the young asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the hard rain. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street. Hypothesis is a young asian couple are swimming in the pool. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street. Hypothesis is the young asian couple are walking together. The label is entailment.
Premise is two men talk outdoors. Hypothesis is there are men outside The label is entailment.
Premise is two men talk outdoors. Hypothesis is the men are watching a football game on the sofa The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men talk outdoors. Hypothesis is the men are talking about their wives The label is neutral.
Premise is boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station. Hypothesis is a boy is looking through a window at another boy at the train station. The label is neutral.
Premise is boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station. Hypothesis is a boy is sitting at a train station. The label is entailment.
Premise is boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station. Hypothesis is a little boy is walking out of the train. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand. Hypothesis is the children there together. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand. Hypothesis is the girl in wearing a bathing suit. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand. Hypothesis is there are no children present. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt. Hypothesis is the man is printing a shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt. Hypothesis is the shirt is blue with black lettering. The label is neutral.
Premise is a shirt booth with a man printing a shirt. Hypothesis is the man is printing some pants. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station. Hypothesis is a young lady is outside the train station The label is entailment.
Premise is a young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station. Hypothesis is a lady is walking to her train The label is neutral.
Premise is a young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station. Hypothesis is a lady is taking a bus The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background. Hypothesis is a bartender taps a keg. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background. Hypothesis is three friends hiking the appalachain trail. The label is neutral.
Premise is three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background. Hypothesis is hikers in the mountains. The label is entailment.
Premise is child getting ready to go down a slide. Hypothesis is the child will go down the slide. The label is neutral.
Premise is child getting ready to go down a slide. Hypothesis is the child is at the top of the slide. The label is entailment.
Premise is child getting ready to go down a slide. Hypothesis is the child is on a swing. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person is holding a shovel between a truck and a cloud of dust. Hypothesis is the person wants to dig for something that is buried. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background. Hypothesis is the woman is wearing a purple coat. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background. Hypothesis is the woman wearing the coat is relaxing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background. Hypothesis is the woman is waiting for someone to show up. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game. Hypothesis is the crowd cheers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game. Hypothesis is the crowd knows their team will win. The label is neutral.
Premise is a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game. Hypothesis is a woman takes a nap. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an atm machine. Hypothesis is the woman is sitting on the back porch. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an atm machine. Hypothesis is the white woman is using an atm machine. The label is entailment.
Premise is a caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an atm machine. Hypothesis is the woman is withdrawing money. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog jumping over a beam Hypothesis is an animal is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog jumping over a beam Hypothesis is an animal is outdoors. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog jumping over a beam Hypothesis is an animal is lying down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic. Hypothesis is traffic is being directed by a road worker. The label is entailment.
Premise is a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic. Hypothesis is construction is being done on the road. The label is neutral.
Premise is a road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic. Hypothesis is a road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees. Hypothesis is the children are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of april The label is neutral.
Premise is one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees. Hypothesis is the children are eating pb&j sandwiches inside their kitchen. The label is contradiction.
Premise is one child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees. Hypothesis is there are three children in this picture, and they are all outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case. Hypothesis is man is a girl The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case. Hypothesis is man standing in front of case The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case. Hypothesis is man has a shirt on The label is entailment.
Premise is in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal. Hypothesis is the man is at home sleeping The label is contradiction.
Premise is in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal. Hypothesis is a man falls from a bull The label is entailment.
Premise is in this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal. Hypothesis is the man is a farmer The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog with a collar on lying on the street. Hypothesis is the dog is standing on two legs. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a dog with a collar on lying on the street. Hypothesis is there is an animal outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog with a collar on lying on the street. Hypothesis is the dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket. Hypothesis is a person in a robe sits on a couch The label is entailment.
Premise is a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket. Hypothesis is a man sits on a couch The label is neutral.
Premise is a person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket. Hypothesis is a person in a suit is eating dinner The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at somebody. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses. Hypothesis is a woman is speaking latin. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing sunglasses. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing. Hypothesis is the robe is brown. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing. Hypothesis is the robe is black. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing. Hypothesis is the man is a great guitar player. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist. Hypothesis is a person riding a large animal. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist. Hypothesis is a man sitting on a camel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist. Hypothesis is an old asian man riding a baby elephant. The label is neutral.
Premise is a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder. Hypothesis is a snowboarder is dressed up. The label is entailment.
Premise is a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder. Hypothesis is a snowboarder is sleep. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some air on fresh powder. Hypothesis is a snowboarder is going snowboarding The label is entailment.
Premise is a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike. Hypothesis is a woman is riding a skateboard. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike. Hypothesis is a woman riding a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike. Hypothesis is a woman riding a bike in a race. The label is neutral.
Premise is little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a young girl cooks pancakes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets. The label is neutral.
Premise is little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen. Hypothesis is a young girl flips an omelet. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food. Hypothesis is there is no food on the plate. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food. Hypothesis is the girl is near food. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food. Hypothesis is there is chinese food on the plate. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy posing on the soccer field. Hypothesis is the boy is on a soccer team. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy posing on the soccer field. Hypothesis is the boy is on the field. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy posing on the soccer field. Hypothesis is the boy is on a baseball field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man painting a sign onto his food cart. Hypothesis is a man is working on a cart. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man painting a sign onto his food cart. Hypothesis is everyone is in a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo. Hypothesis is a boy dressed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo. Hypothesis is a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo. Hypothesis is a boy alien dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man does tricks on his skateboard. Hypothesis is two girls sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man does tricks on his skateboard. Hypothesis is a guy rolls forward. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man does tricks on his skateboard. Hypothesis is a youth engages in athleticism. The label is entailment.
Premise is while traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket. Hypothesis is a woman rests on the shoulder of a man The label is entailment.
Premise is while traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket. Hypothesis is a man rests on a womans shoulder The label is contradiction.
Premise is while traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket. Hypothesis is a man's wife lays on his shoulder The label is neutral.
Premise is a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand. Hypothesis is a basketball player dunking the ball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand. Hypothesis is a baseball player playing in a game. The label is entailment.
Premise is a baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand. Hypothesis is a baseball player catching a baseball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in suspenders. Hypothesis is the boy's suspenders are blue. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young boy in suspenders. Hypothesis is the boy is dressed in a formal suit. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young boy in suspenders. Hypothesis is the boy has suspenders attached to his pants. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog wants back inside from the cold. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog plays in the winter. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow. Hypothesis is a dog is warm in it's bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt. Hypothesis is the man is going into the temple to pray. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt. Hypothesis is the man is outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is many people on the beach holding a very large net. Hypothesis is the people are playing ice hockey on a pond as the snow begins to fall. The label is contradiction.
Premise is many people on the beach holding a very large net. Hypothesis is the people are a part of a native tribe mending their fishing nets. The label is neutral.
Premise is many people on the beach holding a very large net. Hypothesis is there are many people in this picture, and they are all outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street. Hypothesis is a group of girls are walking to school. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street. Hypothesis is a group of girls are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street. Hypothesis is a group of girls are sitting on a bench. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child stuck up in a tree. Hypothesis is a tree has a child stuck up in it. The label is entailment.
Premise is a child stuck up in a tree. Hypothesis is a child is stuck in a tree after trying to hide. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child stuck up in a tree. Hypothesis is a man is sawing down a telephone pole. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view. Hypothesis is the person is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view. Hypothesis is the person is indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view. Hypothesis is the person is taking a nature hike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. Hypothesis is a person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. Hypothesis is a girl stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. Hypothesis is a sad boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and his camel in the dusty desert. Hypothesis is a man and his camel The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and his camel in the dusty desert. Hypothesis is the man and his goat in the farm The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and his camel in the dusty desert. Hypothesis is the man is mexican The label is neutral.
Premise is a lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background. Hypothesis is the animal is sitting under tree The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background. Hypothesis is there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in suit waiting for the green light. Hypothesis is a man waits at a red light. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in suit waiting for the green light. Hypothesis is a man is on his way to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in suit waiting for the green light. Hypothesis is a man ran a red light. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background. Hypothesis is a group of officers stand near a crime scene. The label is neutral.
Premise is an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background. Hypothesis is a group of officers are standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is an officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background. Hypothesis is an officer enjoys coffee in a shop. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman holding a newborn baby. Hypothesis is man runs fast The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman holding a newborn baby. Hypothesis is woman holds baby The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman holding a newborn baby. Hypothesis is woman holds her new baby The label is entailment.
Premise is the small dog is running across the lawn. Hypothesis is a dog is chasing a ball. The label is neutral.
Premise is the small dog is running across the lawn. Hypothesis is a cat is running up a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the small dog is running across the lawn. Hypothesis is a mammal is running through the yard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow. Hypothesis is a dog is pulling a sled. The label is entailment.
Premise is a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow. Hypothesis is a dog is pulling a sled with bags. The label is neutral.
Premise is a dog is pulling a red sled across the snow. Hypothesis is a cat is playing in the snow. The label is contradiction.
Premise is 3 people are shopping in a market. Hypothesis is there are people at a market. The label is entailment.
Premise is 3 people are shopping in a market. Hypothesis is the three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw. The label is neutral.
Premise is 3 people are shopping in a market. Hypothesis is the three people are watching television together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are walking down a busy street. Hypothesis is a group of people are sitting in the library. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people are walking down a busy street. Hypothesis is a group of people are going to work. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people are walking down a busy street. Hypothesis is there are people walking. The label is entailment.
Premise is a half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man is asleep The label is entailment.
Premise is a half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man is drinking coffee The label is contradiction.
Premise is a half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a homeless man is sleeping outside The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air. Hypothesis is the woman is jumping The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air. Hypothesis is the woman is a professional skater The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air. Hypothesis is the woman is eating a hot dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball. Hypothesis is guys are playing shirts vs skins. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball. Hypothesis is guys are sitting in a meeting. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball. Hypothesis is guys are indoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive. Hypothesis is a barber waits for business. The label is entailment.
Premise is a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive. Hypothesis is a barber is closing his door. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive. Hypothesis is a barber in a sports shop waits eagerly for business. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays Hypothesis is two women stand in a kitchen. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays Hypothesis is two women are having tea. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays Hypothesis is two women are doing dishes. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence. Hypothesis is the man is next to the fence. The label is entailment.
Premise is the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence. Hypothesis is the man wearing black pants and a black jacket is in front of the fence. The label is neutral.
Premise is the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence. Hypothesis is a man wearing pink is next to the blue fence. The label is contradiction.
Premise is swimming in the wide blue ocean. Hypothesis is the ocean swims in the blue wideness. The label is contradiction.
Premise is swimming in the wide blue ocean. Hypothesis is it is the backstroke. The label is neutral.
Premise is swimming in the wide blue ocean. Hypothesis is some is staying afloat and moving in water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bird is perched on a tree branch. Hypothesis is a bird is perching in a tree. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bird is perched on a tree branch. Hypothesis is a squirrel plays in a tree. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bird is perched on a tree branch. Hypothesis is an owl is perched on a tree branch. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street. Hypothesis is a young man is sitting down. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street. Hypothesis is a young man is resting. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street. Hypothesis is a young man is playing basketball. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children in a black dog kennel. Hypothesis is there are dogs in the kennel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three children in a black dog kennel. Hypothesis is the kids are being punished. The label is neutral.
Premise is three children in a black dog kennel. Hypothesis is kids are in a cage. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair. Hypothesis is the three best friends just got finished playing a game of musical chairs. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair. Hypothesis is two girls are standing next to a girl who is sitting. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair. Hypothesis is the three girls are arm wrestling in china town. The label is contradiction.
Premise is by a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device. Hypothesis is members of congress opening care packages. The label is contradiction.
Premise is by a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device. Hypothesis is a woman in green opening a box while a half concealed man manipulates a handheld device. The label is entailment.
Premise is by a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device. Hypothesis is a woman opening boxes while her colleague checks a shipping manifest. The label is neutral.
Premise is two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field. Hypothesis is two people are outside with animals. The label is entailment.
Premise is two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field. Hypothesis is two people are swimming at the gym. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field. Hypothesis is a couple is farming with their pet buffalo. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together. Hypothesis is the boys had sandwiches. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together. Hypothesis is lilly and sally were laughing while eating lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together. Hypothesis is lilly and sally were eating lunch. The label is neutral.
Premise is people stand along a train track and take pictures. Hypothesis is photographers take photos of the scene after a train accident. The label is neutral.
Premise is people stand along a train track and take pictures. Hypothesis is some people are walking to the train station. The label is neutral.
Premise is people stand along a train track and take pictures. Hypothesis is some people with cameras are standing on a train track. The label is entailment.
Premise is a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background. Hypothesis is the cathedral is small. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background. Hypothesis is the children are bored. The label is neutral.
Premise is a city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background. Hypothesis is the strollers are moving. The label is entailment.
Premise is the coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members. Hypothesis is nobody is talking The label is contradiction.
Premise is the coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members. Hypothesis is people talking The label is entailment.
Premise is the coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members. Hypothesis is tall people talking The label is neutral.
Premise is two humans looking out in the distance from a hill. Hypothesis is two people are outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is two humans looking out in the distance from a hill. Hypothesis is two people are rolling down the hill. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two humans looking out in the distance from a hill. Hypothesis is two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before resuming their hike. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a young man spots her. Hypothesis is the young girl is wearing a black leotard The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a young man spots her. Hypothesis is the young girl is wearing a white leotard The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing. Hypothesis is two men boxing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing. Hypothesis is two men sit and enjoy lunch together. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing. Hypothesis is one man pounds another as they box. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holds two children in his arms. Hypothesis is a man with his two children running in front of him. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man holds two children in his arms. Hypothesis is a man poses for a photograph with his two grandchildren. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man holds two children in his arms. Hypothesis is three humans together. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water. Hypothesis is a woman leans against a fence The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water. Hypothesis is a man leans against a fence The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water. Hypothesis is an accordion player leans against his fence The label is neutral.
Premise is several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard. Hypothesis is several women jump in a pool and splash each other. The label is contradiction.
Premise is several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard. Hypothesis is women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard. The label is entailment.
Premise is several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard. Hypothesis is several women wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled courtyard. The label is neutral.
Premise is two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other. Hypothesis is the children are yelling loudly. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other. Hypothesis is two young children are whispering to each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other. Hypothesis is they are whispering about their day. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by. Hypothesis is there is a man running through a green field. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by. Hypothesis is the man is wearing designer fashions during a photoshoot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by. Hypothesis is there is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk. The label is entailment.
Premise is a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach. Hypothesis is the woman is naked The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach. Hypothesis is the beach is cold The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach. Hypothesis is the girl has clothes on The label is entailment.
Premise is a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background. Hypothesis is a man plays a saxophone The label is entailment.
Premise is a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background. Hypothesis is a man performs on the street for tips The label is neutral.
Premise is a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background. Hypothesis is a man is eating a sandwich The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone. Hypothesis is the man is in the fountain. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone. Hypothesis is the fountain has running water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone. Hypothesis is the man is talking to someone. The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone. Hypothesis is the women are next to a big elementary school The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone. Hypothesis is the two women are taking care of a herd of animals The label is entailment.
Premise is two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone. Hypothesis is the women are both farmers The label is neutral.
Premise is a surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine. Hypothesis is a man is cutting the grass. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine. Hypothesis is a surfer is in performing at a charity event. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is eating food next to a child on a bench. Hypothesis is man eating on a bench near a child. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is eating food next to a child on a bench. Hypothesis is man eating child. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is eating food next to a child on a bench. Hypothesis is man eating his food while sitting with his daughter. The label is neutral.
Premise is a large african american man sitting on a camping chair. Hypothesis is the large black man is running a race The label is contradiction.
Premise is a large african american man sitting on a camping chair. Hypothesis is the large black man is relaxing in the chair The label is entailment.
Premise is a large african american man sitting on a camping chair. Hypothesis is the large black man is relaxing in the chair and waiting for a steak The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table. Hypothesis is some men are eating dinner around a large round table. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table. Hypothesis is some men are gathered around a table. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table. Hypothesis is some men are having a planning meeting in a room. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly. Hypothesis is a young male in a white shirt. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly. Hypothesis is a boy in a purple shirt. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly. Hypothesis is a blonde boy in a white shirt. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman walk at a flea market. Hypothesis is the man and women are at a high priced store. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman walk at a flea market. Hypothesis is the deals can be found at flea markets. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man and a woman walk at a flea market. Hypothesis is the couple are shopping for deals. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns. Hypothesis is gerbils chat on gruveo. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns. Hypothesis is people are standing. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns. Hypothesis is the building is historical. The label is neutral.
Premise is eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction. Hypothesis is the tourists stood at the railing looking down at the city The label is neutral.
Premise is eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction. Hypothesis is the tourists were on a bus tour The label is neutral.
Premise is eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction. Hypothesis is the attraction drew the attention of the tourists The label is entailment.
Premise is a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right. Hypothesis is the group is eating lunch at a small cafe. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right. Hypothesis is the group is taking a tour. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right. Hypothesis is the woman is walking away from the group. The label is entailment.
Premise is man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings. Hypothesis is the man has no vocal cords. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings. Hypothesis is the man loves to play music for people. The label is neutral.
Premise is man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings. Hypothesis is the man knows how to play the guitar. The label is entailment.
Premise is little boy peering into a glass display case. Hypothesis is a boy looks in a case The label is entailment.
Premise is little boy peering into a glass display case. Hypothesis is a trophy is in the case The label is neutral.
Premise is little boy peering into a glass display case. Hypothesis is a girl is walking The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard. Hypothesis is this is a transportation station The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard. Hypothesis is the man is at a school The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard. Hypothesis is the guards are watching a suspicious man The label is neutral.
Premise is children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings. Hypothesis is the children are playing in an amusement park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings. Hypothesis is the children are playing in the sand. The label is entailment.
Premise is children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings. Hypothesis is the children playing in the sand all know each other. The label is neutral.
Premise is four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand. Hypothesis is four children who live in a large building are in the courtyard playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand. Hypothesis is four children are outdoors playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand. Hypothesis is for small children are playing in the sand on a deserted beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water. Hypothesis is the dog is jumping. The label is entailment.
Premise is a black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water. Hypothesis is the dog wants to play. The label is neutral.
Premise is a black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water. Hypothesis is the dog is sleeping. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance. Hypothesis is a man is watching his son playing on the swingset. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance. Hypothesis is a man is swimming in the ocean. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance. Hypothesis is a man sees something while in a park. The label is entailment.
Premise is a snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air. Hypothesis is the snowboarder has never tried this jump before. The label is neutral.
Premise is a snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air. Hypothesis is a person is snowboarding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air. Hypothesis is the snowboarder is naked. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket. Hypothesis is a woman reaches into a basket at a store The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket. Hypothesis is a man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat The label is entailment.
Premise is a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket. Hypothesis is a man reaches into a basket at a laundromat The label is entailment.
Premise is there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces. Hypothesis is the woman is standing The label is entailment.
Premise is there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces. Hypothesis is the dog is eating dinner The label is contradiction.
Premise is there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces. Hypothesis is the family is trying to take a family picture The label is neutral.
Premise is an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path. Hypothesis is an emergency worker is at the beach. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path. Hypothesis is an emergency worker works at a crash scene. The label is neutral.
Premise is an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path. Hypothesis is an emergency worker helps outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her. Hypothesis is a girl is playing outside on a swing. The label is neutral.
Premise is the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her. Hypothesis is a girl is sleeping in bed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her. Hypothesis is the girl is swinging at the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech. Hypothesis is a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech The label is entailment.
Premise is a man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech. Hypothesis is a drunk talks loudly at a wedding The label is neutral.
Premise is a man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech. Hypothesis is a man sits shyly near a bride The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall. Hypothesis is a lady walks down the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall. Hypothesis is a young woman is standing and staring at a painted mural. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall. Hypothesis is a woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookstore. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand. Hypothesis is the helicopter is black. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand. Hypothesis is the man has nothing on his face. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand. Hypothesis is a person is holding two objects. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits. Hypothesis is a man stands near some fruit The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits. Hypothesis is a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits. Hypothesis is a man stands in front of a small banana pile The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is looking at a text on her cell phone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman has her cell phone up to her ear. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone. Hypothesis is a woman is holding her cell phone. The label is entailment.
Premise is a person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse. Hypothesis is the person is riding a brown horse. The label is neutral.
Premise is a person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse. Hypothesis is the person is on a camel. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse. Hypothesis is the person is on a horse. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man. Hypothesis is a group of people are sleeping on pluto. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man. Hypothesis is a group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man. Hypothesis is a group of people are watching a boy and and interviewer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people. Hypothesis is a man interviews a boy. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people. Hypothesis is a man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people. Hypothesis is a man interviews a child about his view on terrorism and barney. The label is neutral.
Premise is two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party. Hypothesis is two people are at a party. The label is entailment.
Premise is two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party. Hypothesis is some people are doing something. The label is entailment.
Premise is two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party. Hypothesis is birds are migrating to a new place. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard. Hypothesis is the two dogs belong to the lady. The label is neutral.
Premise is a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard. Hypothesis is a lady has two dogs with her. The label is entailment.
Premise is a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard. Hypothesis is the lady has the two dogs inside. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child being watched while getting something out of a tank. Hypothesis is the tank is getting something out of the child. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a child being watched while getting something out of a tank. Hypothesis is the tank is filled with water. The label is neutral.
Premise is a child being watched while getting something out of a tank. Hypothesis is the tank has an opening. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands. Hypothesis is a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands, and a brick in the other. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands. Hypothesis is a young girl chasing a dragon with bread in her hands. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands. Hypothesis is a child is chasing an animal. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away. Hypothesis is the young man jumping against the wall is hispanic. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away. Hypothesis is the young man is jumping against a wall. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away. Hypothesis is the young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes. Hypothesis is a boy admires a woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes. Hypothesis is a boy is watching a woman. The label is entailment.
Premise is a boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes. Hypothesis is a woman is checking out the men. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a closeup of an older man with glasses speaking. Hypothesis is the woman is doing a speech. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a closeup of an older man with glasses speaking. Hypothesis is the man is talking to himself. The label is neutral.
Premise is a closeup of an older man with glasses speaking. Hypothesis is an older man is talking. The label is entailment.
Premise is an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board. Hypothesis is a boy is riding to the store to get some candy. The label is neutral.
Premise is an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board. Hypothesis is a boy is riding his bike outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board. Hypothesis is a boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier is heading into a grove of trees. Hypothesis is the person in the picture is riding a bike slowing up hill, pumping the pedals as hard as they can. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a skier is heading into a grove of trees. Hypothesis is there is snow on the ground in this picture. The label is entailment.
Premise is a skier is heading into a grove of trees. Hypothesis is the man, an amateur skier, has tried a ski run that is too hard and is careening out of control down the hill. The label is neutral.
Premise is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. Hypothesis is a golden animal bounds across the snow-covered plateau. The label is neutral.
Premise is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. Hypothesis is a golden car bounds across the snow-covered highway. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill. Hypothesis is a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered land form. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby. Hypothesis is this woman is going to get married. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby. Hypothesis is the woman is modeling a wedding dress. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby. Hypothesis is the woman is handing out information The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire. Hypothesis is a guy in cloth pants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protect hist lungs puts out a fire. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire. Hypothesis is a guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire. Hypothesis is a guy wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth starts a blaze going. The label is entailment.
Premise is people landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway. Hypothesis is people are caring for their lawns The label is entailment.
Premise is people landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway. Hypothesis is people are planting daisies The label is neutral.
Premise is people landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway. Hypothesis is people are planting in their homes. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men play basketball. Hypothesis is two friends are playing a game of horse in basketball The label is neutral.
Premise is two men play basketball. Hypothesis is two men are playing sports The label is entailment.
Premise is two men play basketball. Hypothesis is two friends are eating lunch The label is contradiction.
Premise is women's soccer team competing on the field. Hypothesis is the women are winning the soccer game. The label is neutral.
Premise is women's soccer team competing on the field. Hypothesis is a women's soccer game. The label is entailment.
Premise is women's soccer team competing on the field. Hypothesis is the women are playing soccer on mars. The label is contradiction.
Premise is kids play in the water in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is kids are laughing and playing. The label is neutral.
Premise is kids play in the water in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is kids are playing in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is kids play in the water in the middle of the street. Hypothesis is kids are running from zombies. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight. Hypothesis is a woman rests on a bench in the day The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight. Hypothesis is a woman takes a much needed nap The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight. Hypothesis is a man takes a nap outside The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a 'just thrown a bowling ball' stance. Hypothesis is the man is wearing white pants. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a 'just thrown a bowling ball' stance. Hypothesis is there is a black bandana. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a 'just thrown a bowling ball' stance. Hypothesis is the bandana is expensive. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man walks on the icy sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man almost slipped earlier. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man walks on the icy sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man is outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man walks on the icy sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man is sitting down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people wait to cross the street in new york Hypothesis is group of people waiting to cross the street. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people wait to cross the street in new york Hypothesis is people waiting in line at an amusement park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people wait to cross the street in new york Hypothesis is some of the people are wearing sunglasses. The label is neutral.
Premise is two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag. Hypothesis is the zombies are busy playing with paper bags. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag. Hypothesis is two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag. Hypothesis is the friends are playing with paper and bags. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man sits near a white van. Hypothesis is a man waiting for someone near a white van. The label is neutral.
Premise is a bearded man sits near a white van. Hypothesis is a man sitting outside near a van. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bearded man sits near a white van. Hypothesis is a man sitting inside a red truck. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the football player prepares to kick the ball. Hypothesis is a person is playing a sport. The label is entailment.
Premise is the football player prepares to kick the ball. Hypothesis is the quarterback is throwing the football. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the football player prepares to kick the ball. Hypothesis is the football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him. Hypothesis is a man is taking a shower. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him. Hypothesis is a guy is standing near a crowd of people. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him. Hypothesis is a mime is performing for a group in the park. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with tecate ads. Hypothesis is the man is bowling. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with tecate ads. Hypothesis is the man has rental shoes on. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with tecate ads. Hypothesis is the man is at home watching tv. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade. Hypothesis is there is a boy collecting candy from a man in a clown costume. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade. Hypothesis is a small girl is in the parade for the marching band. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade. Hypothesis is a girl is by a parade. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag. Hypothesis is the men are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a competition. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag. Hypothesis is the man is brown is getting his wallet to pay the man in the jacket. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag. Hypothesis is two men in dark clothing, one is reaching into a bag. The label is entailment.
Premise is girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar Hypothesis is a girl plays guitar and sings for a crowd. The label is neutral.
Premise is girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar Hypothesis is a girl plays guitar and sings on stage. The label is entailment.
Premise is girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar Hypothesis is a man play the triangle. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net. Hypothesis is someone is fixing a net. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net. Hypothesis is someone is preparing to catch fish. The label is entailment.
Premise is a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net. Hypothesis is someone is fixing a lawnmower. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress. Hypothesis is the man knows the woman. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress. Hypothesis is the man is on the moon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man is smiling at a woman in a white dress. Hypothesis is the man is friendly. The label is neutral.
Premise is an impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water. Hypothesis is an individual is playing guitar on the streets. The label is contradiction.
Premise is an impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water. Hypothesis is a poor person in tattered clothes kneels by the trash filled body of water. The label is entailment.
Premise is an impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water. Hypothesis is a homeless man wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the trash in the river. The label is neutral.
Premise is the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer. Hypothesis is a woman is holding a tool. The label is entailment.
Premise is the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer. Hypothesis is a man is kicking some rocks. The label is contradiction.
Premise is the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer. Hypothesis is a woman is using a hammer to make something. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled 'lucky' full of bills. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled 'lucky' full of bills. Hypothesis is a woman is posing for a photograph. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled 'lucky' full of bills. Hypothesis is a woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture. The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books. Hypothesis is the woman is white The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books. Hypothesis is a woman in a scarf The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books. Hypothesis is the woman is asleep at home The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a blue coat The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on. Hypothesis is a woman is wearing a black coat The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on. Hypothesis is a woman is enjoying a meal before bed The label is neutral.
Premise is three kids in a forest standing on a tree log. Hypothesis is children chopping down tree in woods. The label is contradiction.
Premise is three kids in a forest standing on a tree log. Hypothesis is children enjoying nature. The label is neutral.
Premise is three kids in a forest standing on a tree log. Hypothesis is children crossing stream in forest. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown. Hypothesis is a man sits at home waiting for his dinner The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown. Hypothesis is a man at a restaurant The label is entailment.
Premise is a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown. Hypothesis is a man at a restaurant waiting for his wife The label is neutral.
Premise is cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post. Hypothesis is the san francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement. The label is contradiction.
Premise is cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post. Hypothesis is a group of girls shake pom poms. The label is neutral.
Premise is cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post. Hypothesis is a group of people dance outdoors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is the man is looking to sell things. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is a woman stands on a street corner. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk. Hypothesis is a man sits outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run. Hypothesis is the girl was running. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run. Hypothesis is the boy was caught stealing. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run. Hypothesis is the boy started running. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a woman and a man are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is two women embrace on the sidewalk. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk. Hypothesis is a woman and a man block the entire sidewalk. The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is on a bus going to get her groceries The label is contradiction.
Premise is a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance The label is neutral.
Premise is a girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background. Hypothesis is a girl is entertaining on stage The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone. Hypothesis is a colonel speaks into the microphone. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone. Hypothesis is a woman soldier speaks into the microphone. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone. Hypothesis is a soldier speaks into the microphone. The label is entailment.
Premise is workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building. Hypothesis is some workers are digging at a construction site. The label is contradiction.
Premise is workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building. Hypothesis is some window washers are preparing to start work. The label is neutral.
Premise is workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building. Hypothesis is there are workers on the scaffolding. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple sits in the grass. Hypothesis is a couple is having a picnic. The label is neutral.
Premise is a couple sits in the grass. Hypothesis is people are outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is a couple sits in the grass. Hypothesis is a couple is at a restaurant. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is petting a dog outside. Hypothesis is a person and an animal are interacting out of doors. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman is petting a dog outside. Hypothesis is a woman is sitting at the vet's office with her dog. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman is petting a dog outside. Hypothesis is a woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick. The label is neutral.
Premise is two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face. Hypothesis is two people do jump kicks The label is contradiction.
Premise is two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face. Hypothesis is two people do karate The label is entailment.
Premise is two male's in a karate class, one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face. Hypothesis is a man sleeps in a chair The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in karate gear using fighting sticks. Hypothesis is two karate men sparring with sticks for a competition The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in karate gear using fighting sticks. Hypothesis is two karate men sparring with sticks The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in karate gear using fighting sticks. Hypothesis is two men fist fighting in the street The label is contradiction.
Premise is a young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard. Hypothesis is the man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard. The label is entailment.
Premise is a young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard. Hypothesis is the man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard; too much drinking, i guess. The label is neutral.
Premise is a young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard. Hypothesis is the gentleman in the t-shirt really shouldn't drink so much beer, as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard. The label is neutral.
Premise is four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer. Hypothesis is the boy is eating a sandwich on the moon. The label is contradiction.
Premise is four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer. Hypothesis is the boy is wearing shin guards. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water. Hypothesis is the duck spread its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot. The label is neutral.
Premise is a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water. Hypothesis is the duck kept it's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water. Hypothesis is there is an animal in the water. The label is entailment.
Premise is a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles. Hypothesis is a girl at school getting a ruler. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles. Hypothesis is a child at a party. The label is neutral.
Premise is a little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles. Hypothesis is making a wish. The label is neutral.
Premise is a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. Hypothesis is a gorup of girl is junping over each other. The label is entailment.
Premise is a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. Hypothesis is a gorup of girl is laying down. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor. Hypothesis is a group of girl is playing. The label is entailment.
Premise is man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck. Hypothesis is the two people are romantically involved. The label is neutral.
Premise is man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck. Hypothesis is the two people are swimming. The label is contradiction.
Premise is man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck. Hypothesis is there are two people near a bike. The label is entailment.
Premise is a woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant. Hypothesis is a woman is walking in park The label is contradiction.
Premise is a woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant. Hypothesis is a woman prepare a lunch in restaurant The label is neutral.
Premise is a woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant. Hypothesis is a woman in restaurant The label is entailment.
Premise is two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work. Hypothesis is tall humans working. The label is neutral.
Premise is two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work. Hypothesis is nobody is working The label is contradiction.
Premise is two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work. Hypothesis is humans working. The label is entailment.
Premise is a older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair. Hypothesis is a busker is wearing a hat. The label is neutral.
Premise is a older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair. Hypothesis is a man is wearing a hat. The label is entailment.
Premise is a older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair. Hypothesis is a man is playing guitar. The label is contradiction.
Premise is family members standing outside a home. Hypothesis is strangers are standing indoors. The label is contradiction.
Premise is family members standing outside a home. Hypothesis is a family is standing outside. The label is entailment.
Premise is family members standing outside a home. Hypothesis is they own the home. The label is neutral.
Premise is two gondola operators sit along a road in italy. Hypothesis is the gondola operators are taking a work break. The label is neutral.
Premise is two gondola operators sit along a road in italy. Hypothesis is the gondola operators are in the water, pushing their boats. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two gondola operators sit along a road in italy. Hypothesis is the gondola operators are in uniform. The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy drags his sled through the snow. Hypothesis is a boy drags a sled up the hill The label is neutral.
Premise is a boy drags his sled through the snow. Hypothesis is a boy drags his dog The label is contradiction.
Premise is a boy drags his sled through the snow. Hypothesis is a boy drags a sled The label is entailment.
Premise is a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer. Hypothesis is two men are playing on a street corner. The label is neutral.
Premise is a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer. Hypothesis is two men are playing frisbee in the park. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer. Hypothesis is a man with glasses and a disheveled outfit is playing a guitar and singing along with a drummer. The label is entailment.
Premise is a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture. Hypothesis is a girl dancing and photographer take a photo The label is entailment.
Premise is a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture. Hypothesis is some players are playing cricket in ground The label is contradiction.
Premise is a female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture. Hypothesis is a girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are observing something together. Hypothesis is two women are looking at a flower together. The label is neutral.
Premise is two women are observing something together. Hypothesis is two women are standing with their eyes closed. The label is contradiction.
Premise is two women are observing something together. Hypothesis is two girls are looking at something. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom. Hypothesis is a man is flying a kite. The label is contradiction.
Premise is a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom. Hypothesis is a man is speaking in a classroom. The label is entailment.
Premise is a man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom. Hypothesis is a man is teaching science in a classroom. The label is neutral.
